If they can do it, so can you.Unknown
Let us realize that: the privilege to work is a gift, the power to work is a blessing, the love of work is success!David O. McKay
Talk to yourself everyday, or you may miss talking to someone great.Swami Vivekananda
Don't think, just do.Horace
Our success educationally, industrially and politically is based upon the protection of a nation founded by ourselves. And the nation can be nowhere else but in Africa.Marcus Garvey
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.e. e. cummings
There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you.David Burns
You do not pay the price of success, you enjoy the price of success.Zig Ziglar
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.Vince Lombardi
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.Napoleon Hill
I have had all of the disadvantages required for success.Larry Ellison
Don’t panic.Douglas Adams
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.David Brinkley
Success is about dedication. You may not be where you want to be or do what you want to do when you're on the journey. But you've got to be willing to have vision and foresight that leads you to an incredible end.Usher
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.Robert Frost
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.Aesop
After all, to the well-organised mind, death is but the next great adventure.Dumbledore–The Philosopher’s Stone 
Being kind is the most important thing I've ever been taught. That's what my parents always told me - more important than ambition or success is being kind to people. The cornerstone of my life. What I aspire to is to be kind.Rafe Spall
Find a good teacher that will keep the game fun. Work hard and don't be afraid to have success or disappointment. That is what golf is all about.Paula Creamer
The difference between us and them, between you and success, is not that you never fail, but it's how you recover from those failures - is that you keep getting up time and time again. You figure out what you did wrong, and then you make it right. I say that to my kids every day.Michelle Obama
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.Joseph Campbell
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.Epictetus
Don’t waste your time with explanations, people only hear what they want to hear.Paulo Coelho
In hindsight, I slid into arrogance based upon past success.Reed Hastings
Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memoryLes Brown
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.Confucius
I don't have dreams, I have goals.Harvey Specter
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!Doug Larson
Put your vision to reality.Bob Marley
I'm always asked, 'What's the secret to success?' But there are no secrets. Be humble. Be hungry. And always be the hardest worker in the room.Dwayne Johnson
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.Stephen King
The only way to permanently change the temperature in the room is to reset the thermostat. In the same way, the only way to change your level of financial success 'permanently' is to reset your financial thermostat. But it is your choice whether you choose to change.T. Harv Eker
The greatest results in life are usually attained by common sense and perseverance.O Feltham
There's no one particular road that will lead you to success. I think everybody will find it differently.Marina and the Diamonds
True good fortune is what you make for yourself. Good fortune: good character, good intentions, good actions.Marcus Aurelius
Like the United Nations, there is something inspirational about New York as a great melting pot of different cultures and traditions. And if this is the city that never sleeps, the United Nations works tirelessly, around the clock around the world.Ban Ki-moon
My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day.Johnny Carson
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose. G.K.Nielson
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.Thomas Jefferson
I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me.Zane Grey
Look in the MIRROR...
That's your COMPETITION.Unknown
Champions extend their limits and make things happen.Amit Ray
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.Dale Turner
If you can figure out my success on the screen, you're a better man than I.Alan Ladd
Your heart is full of fertile seeds, waiting to sprout.Morihei Ueshiba
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.Friedrich Schiller
A good compromise is one where everybody makes a contribution.Angela Merkel
Entrepreneurs can't forecast accurately, because they are trying something fundamentally new. So they will often be laughably behind plan - and on the brink of success.Eric Ries
Take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly, and try another. But by all means, try something.Franklin D. Roosevelt
Success is not a matter of mastering subtle, sophisticated theory but rather of embracing common sense with uncommon levels of discipline and persistence.Patrick Lencioni
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.Henry Ward Beecher
Only stupid people are changed by success.Jurgen Klopp
Begin somewhere; you cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do.Liz Smith
Our time here is magic! It's the only space you have to realize whatever it is that is beautiful, whatever is true, whatever is great, whatever is potential, whatever is rare, whatever is unique, in. It's the only space.Ben Okri
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.Shiv Khera
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.John W. Gardner
I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance.Socrates
Leadership is not a title, it’s a behavior.Robin Sharma
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.William Penn
Elite performance is never luck. It’s hard work.Robin Sharma
In the end, you make your reputation and you have your success based upon credibility and being able to provide people who are really hungry for information what they want.Brit Hume
Better to be called something positive and inspirational than something negative.Donnie Yen
Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and eating only the top half of each slice.Barbra Streisand
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.Buddha
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a followerSteve Jobs
The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem.Unknown
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing.Seneca
It's how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success.Charlotte Whitton
When deeds speak, words are nothing.Pierre-Joseph Proudhon
The art of communication is the language of leadership.James Humes
I hope that at the end of the seven years, people will say that I have been of some inspirational value to them at home in terms of inclusiveness and abroad, I look forward to representing Ireland.Michael D. Higgins
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.Napoleon Hill
I enjoy working, and it isn’t because I’m president that I would deprive myself of that pleasure!Soichiro Honda
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.Reggie Leach
All I can do will only ever be a faint image of what I see and my success will always be less than my failure or perhaps equal to the failure.Alberto Giacometti
Enjoy your sweat because hard work doesn't guarantee success, but without it you don't have a chance.Alex Rodriguez
I think the end goal, hopefully, is to take advantage of the attention I've gotten along the way and use it for good and build some communities, and as I get older I can continue to do things and be surrounded by things that are inspirational to me.Reggie Watts
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.Ayn Rand
Your goals don't care how you feel.Unknown
There are all kinds of courage, it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.Dumbledore–The Philosopher’s Stone  
I'm not here to impose Sharia law, and I'm not here to have a message about disability being inspirational - I'm here to make people laugh. But when I can layer things and make people not only laugh but question, make people not only laugh but be offended... I have to do that.Maysoon Zayid
You have to be odd to be number one.Dr. Suess
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.Christian D. Larson
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today!William Allen White
There are physical characteristics which are inherited. These include things like good looks, high intelligence, physical coordination. These attributes contribute to success in life, and success in life is a determinant of optimism.Martin Seligman
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.Proverb
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.Diane Ackerman
It is the hopeful, buoyant, cheerful attitude of mind that wins. Optimism is a success builder; pessimism an achievement killer.Orison Swett Marden
True intelligence operates silently. Stillness is where creativity and solutions to problems are found.Eckhart Tolle
Currently, only 70 percent of our high school students earn diplomas with their peers, and less than one-third of our high school students graduate prepared for success in a four-year college.Ruben Hinojosa
Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline.Graham Greene
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.Dalai Lama
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards.Paul Bryant
Well I think any author or musician is anxious to have legitimate sales of their products, partly so they're rewarded for their success, partly so they can go on and do new things.Bill Gates
Humor is mankind's greatest blessingMark Twain
Good ideas are like Nike sports shoes. They may facilitate success for an athlete who possesses them, but on their own they are nothing but an overpriced pair of sneakers. Sports shoes don't win races. Athletes do.Felix Dennis
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.Karim Seddiki
A somebody was once a nobody who wanted to and did.John Burroughs
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.Jim Elliot
I often lose motivation, but it's something I accept as normal.Bill Rodgers
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.Ralph Marston
I have three Dogs at home. Even after losing a series or winning they treat me the same way.M.S. Dhoni
Many people think they want things, but they don't really have the strength, the discipline. They are weak. I believe that you get what you want if you want it badly enough.Sophia Loren
We rise by lifting others.Robert G. Ingersoll
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.Walt Disney
Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is indestructible in us be found.Pema Chodron
Money does not guarantee success.Jose Mourinho
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to be yourself. Thich Nhat Hanh
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything.Dan Millman
If you believe you can do it, go out there and do it, because that is the only way you are gonna get it!Harry Main
When deeds speak, words are nothing.Pierre-Joseph Proudhon
I do a lot of inspirational talks for kids, to motivate them to change their lives and give them hope.Adam Beach
The only thing I'm addicted to is winning. This bootleg cult, arrogantly referred to as Alcoholics Anonymous, reports a 5 percent success rate. My success rate is 100 percent.Charlie Sheen
Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not.Iroh
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.William Blake
The ideal life is in our blood and never will be still.Phillips Brooks
Leap, and the net will appear.John Burroughs
To observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence.Jiddu Krishnamurti
My father was an immigrant who literally walked across Europe to get out of Russia. He fought in World War I. He was wounded in action. My father was a great success even though he never had money. He was a very determined man, a great role model.Arlen Specter
My childhood, adolescence and high school days are unusually important. If there has ever been a time that I developed a uniqueness and sense of humor and the ability to organize, it was then. In those early days, I developed the skills that gave me a certain degree of success in American politics.Lee Atwater
Inspiration is an awakening, a quickening of all man's faculties, and it is manifested in all high artistic achievements.Giacomo Puccini
Nothing exterior to me will ever take command of me.Walt Whitman
Never underestimate the ability of a small group of dedicated people to change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.Margaret Meade
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.Coco Chanel
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.Denis Waitley
My definition of success is to live your life in a way that causes you to feel a ton of pleasure and very little pain - and because of your lifestyle, have the people around you feel a lot more pleasure than they do pain.Tony Robbins
Imagination is more important than knowledge.Albert Einstein
If you’re not making some notable mistakes along the way, you’re certainly not taking enough business and career chances.Sallie Krawcheck
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success.Jack Welch
Success in life is founded upon attention to the small things rather than to the large things; to the every day things nearest to us rather than to the things that are remote and uncommon.Booker T. Washington
The leaders who we admire who have been able to bring great change in the past - Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Nelson Mandela - they're all inspirational religious leaders and smart tacticians. It would be nice to find the Muslim Gandhi, wouldn't it?Dennis C. Blair
Light tomorrow with today!Elizabeth Barrett Browning
We have it in our power to begin the world over again.Thomas Paine
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a followerSteve Jobs
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.Mark Twain
The wise does at once what the fool does at last.Baltasar Gracian
Believe in yourself.Unknown
Today, figure out what makes you happy and do more of it. Figure out what doesn't and do less of it.Mandy Hale
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.Walt Whitman
The most successful men in the end are those whose success is the result of steady accretion.Alexander Graham Bell
There have been many different artists that have been inspirational. I suppose the question is directed to what was the reason why I went into fantasy illustration.Boris Vallejo
Do not wish for an easy life. Wish for the strength to endure a difficult one.Bruce Lee
To be like the rock that the waves keep crashing over. It stands unmoved and the raging of the sea falls still around it.Marcus Aurelius
We sing inspirational songs, songs of praise and worship, and about how good and how big God is. We are magnifying the Lord.Fred Hammond
Leap, and the net will appear.John Burroughs
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.Dale Carnegie
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.Simone de Beauvoir
The three ordinary things that we often don't pay enough attention to, but which I believe are the drivers of all success, are hard work, perseverance, and basic honesty.Azim Premji
Instruction does much, but encouragement does everything.Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all.George Washington
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.Mike Ditka
Word is a shadow of deed.Democritus
Success is a journey, not a destination.Ben Sweetland
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life.A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no point in being a damn fool about it.W. C. Fields
I think the saddest people always try their hardest to make people happy.Robin Williams
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all.Sam Ewing
To burn always with this hard, gem-like flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.Walter Pater
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.Zig Ziglar
I would have to put in the necessary time, but nothing could stop me from succeeding.Soichiro Honda
Take risks in your life, if you win, you can lead. If you loose, you can guide!Swami Vivekananda
If you give people tools, and they use their natural abilities and their curiosity, they will develop things in ways that will surprise you very much beyond what you might have expected.Bill Gates
Your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.Abraham Lincoln
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.Vince Lombardi
There is only one way... to get anybody to do anything. And that is by making the other person want to do it.Dale Carnegie
It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness; that is life. Jean Luc Picard
To do a common thing uncommonly well brings success.Henry J. Heinz
If you want to know what a man’s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.Sirius Black–The Goblet of Fire
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.Thomas A. Edison
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle.Sasha Cohen
To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business and your business in your heart.Thomas J. Watson
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.Oscar Wilde
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.Buddha
Rejoicing in ordinary things is not sentimental or trite. It actually takes guts. Each time we drop our complaints and allow everyday good fortune to inspire us, we enter the warrior's world.Pema Chodron
Whether you succeed or not is irrelevant, there is no such thing.  Making your unknown known is the important thing.Georgia O'Keeffe
Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.Charles F. Kettering
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity.Louis Pasteur
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.Anne Frank
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.Roger Babson
Great achievement often happens when our backs are up against the wall.Robin Sharma
My heroes are the ones who survived doing it wrong, who made mistakes, but recovered from them.Bono
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success.David Joseph Schwartz
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.Oscar Wilde
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.Chris Grosser
Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it.George R.R. Martin
I know of no single formula for success. But over the years I have observed that some attributes of leadership are universal and are often about finding ways of encouraging people to combine their efforts, their talents, their insights, their enthusiasm and their inspiration to work together.Queen Elizabeth II
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.David Frost
Never give in except to convictions of honor and good senseWinston Churchill
Success is not only one thing. It's not only having a nice house in Beverly Hills and driving a nice Mercedes.Malik Bendjelloul
Go ahead. Look out the window. Isn't it a beautiful day?Anonymous
Cautious, careful people, always casting about to preserve their reputations can never effect a reform.Susan B. Anthony
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.Chris Grosser
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.Arthur Ashe
The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing.Walt Disney
Honesty and loyalty are key. If two people can be honest with each other about everything, that's probably the biggest key to success.Taylor Lautner
What makes genius is not just the idea, but the execution around the idea to bring it to the world.Robin Sharma
Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I'm not going to make it, but you laugh inside — remembering all the times you've felt that way.Charles Bukowski
Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.Marilyn Monroe
Use only that which works, and take it from any place you can find it.Bruce Lee
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures. So I did ten times more work.George Bernard Shaw
Fortune sides with him who dares.Virgil
At the end of the day, the most overwhelming key to a child's success is the positive involvement of parents.Jane D. Hull
If there are no struggles, there is no progress.Frederick Douglas
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.Tony Robbins
Every song you're trying to find something that going to connect in different ways but for me the songs that I'm really drawn to are inspirational, songs that lift you and that everybody can relate to no matter where you're from.Rodney Atkins
Change your life today. Don’t gamble on the future, act now, without delay.Simone de Beauvoir
'Free software' is a matter of liberty, not price. To understand the concept, you should think of 'free' as in 'free speech,' not as in 'free beer'.Richard Stallman
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.J. Krishnamurti
Great companies in the way they work, start with great leaders.Steve Ballmer
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubtMark Twain
Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.Paulo Coelho
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.John D. Rockefeller
A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success.Bo Bennett
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.Franklin Roosevelt
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.Jim Rohn
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answerBruce Lee
I found an inner strength to fight for myself. It was clear that nobody else would.Tehmina Durrani
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.Helen Keller
Champions keep playing until they get it right.Billie Jean King
We ought to walk through the rooms of our lives not looking for flaws, but looking for potential.Ellen Goodman
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.Mark Twain
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.Alan Watts
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far it is possible to go.TS Eliot
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.Alice Walker
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.Maya Angelou
Inspirational leaders need to have a winning mentality in order to inspire respect. It is hard to trust in the leadership of someone who is half-hearted about their purpose, or only sporadic in focus or enthusiasm.Sebastian Coe
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.Erma Bombeck
I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.Thomas A. Edison
Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.Alan Watts
The place where you made your stand never mattered. Only that you were there... and still on your feet.Stephen King
We do not realise that we are children of eternity. If we did, then success would be no success, and failure would be no failure to us.Joseph Barber Lightfoot
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today!William Allen White
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you do, you'll be successful.Tyga
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.Florence Nightingale
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.Isaac Asimov
He is able who thinks he is able.Buddha
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.Rumi
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.Vince Lombardi
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.Proverb
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.Tony Robbins
Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen.Wayne Huizenga
I never knew a man come to greatness or eminence who lay abed late in the morning. Johnathan Swift
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.Napoleon Bonaparte
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.Charles Darwin
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.Ken Venturi
If you can figure out my success on the screen, you're a better man than I.Alan Ladd
Success is a great deodorant.Elizabeth Taylor
In the first six to twelve months of a war with the United States and Great Britain I will run wild and win victory upon victory. But then, if the war continues after that, I have no expectation of success.Isoroku Yamamoto
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.Buddha
We just want to win. That's the bottom line. I think a lot of times people may become content with one championship or a little bit of success, but we don't really reflect on what we've done in the past. We focus on the present.Derek Jeter
It takes 20 years to make an overnight success.Eddie Cantor
Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success.Paul J. Meyer
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.Phillips Brooks
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.Unknown
The best revenge is massive success.Frank Sinatra
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.Seneca
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.Dale Carnegie
Achievement is not always success, while reputed failure often is. It is honest endeavor, persistent effort to do the best possible under any and all circumstances.Orison Swett Marden
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.Milton Berle
It is not what he has, or even what he does which expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Always imitate the behavior of the winners when you lose.Anonymous
Three things are necessary for the salvation of man: to know what he ought to believe; to know what he ought to desire; and to know what he ought to do.St. Thomas Aquinas
Teachers need to be more inspirational. But it's also up to engineering to make itself more interesting.Bruce Dickinson
Success is not built on success. It’s built on failure. It’s built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.Sumner Redstone
To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals–this alone is worth the struggle.William Penn
He who has overcome his fears will truly be free.Aristotle
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away.Stephen Hawking
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather notMark Twain
The winner's edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner's edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success.Denis Waitley
Kill them with success, Bury them with a smile.Harvey Specter
If a man has been his mother's undisputed darling he retains throughout life the triumphant feeling, the confidence in success, which not seldom brings actual success along with it.Sigmund Freud
Lord knows, every day is not a success, every year is not a success. You have to celebrate the good.Reese Witherspoon
Knowing what must be done does away with fear.Rosa Parks
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.Arnold Schwarzenegger
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit themBruce Lee
To have success in your professional life is not so hard. To succeed as a man is more difficult.Yann Arthus-Bertrand
Greatness on the outside begins within.Robin Sharma
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same.Audrey Hepburn
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it.Washington Irving
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.Ella Wheeler Wilcox
At some point, everything's gonna go south on you and you're going to say, this is it. This is how I end. Now you can either accept that, or you can get to work. That's all it is.Mark Watney
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.Dalai Lama
A company is most clearly defined not by its people or its history, but by it’s products.Soichiro Honda
You grow up a bit damaged or broken then you have some success but you don't know how to feel good about the work you're doing or the life you're leading.Johnny Depp
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.Oprah Winfrey.
Believe you can and you're half way there.Theodore Roosevelt
It will, of course, be understood that directly or indirectly, soon or late, every advance in the sciences of human nature will contribute to our success in controlling human nature and changing it to the advantage of the common weal.Edward Thorndike
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.Bill Gates
Our limitations and success will be based, most often, on your own expectations for ourselves. What the mind dwells upon, the body acts upon.Denis Waitley
The expert in anything was once a beginner.Anonymous
To be an artist is to believe in life.Henry Moore
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. Jim Ryun
Evil begins when you begin to treat people as things.Terry Pratchett
How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.Winnie the Pooh
The hardship that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future.Philip Emeagwali
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.Andy Warhol
At any given moment, you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end.Christine Mason Miller
Learning to celebrate success is a key component of learning how to win in the market.Douglas Conant
In the end, you make your reputation and you have your success based upon credibility and being able to provide people who are really hungry for information what they want.Brit Hume
You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.Walt Disney
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.Albert Einstein
Do small things with great love.Mother Teresa
I think, aesthetically, car design is so interesting - the dashboards, the steering wheels, and the beauty of the mechanics. I don't know how any of it works, I don't want to know, but it's inspirational.Paloma Picasso
Well I think any author or musician is anxious to have legitimate sales of their products, partly so they're rewarded for their success, partly so they can go on and do new things.Bill Gates
Have the discipline to clean out all the energy-draining people in your life.Robin Sharma
If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you believe it won’t, you will see obstacles.Wayne Dyer
My career started young and I was really ambitious, and then I had success and I hung out with people who were much older. I think I might have been temporally misplaced, so I thought I was 40. It was a premature midlife crisis.Elizabeth Gilbert
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.Jim Rohn
I think a simple rule of business is, if you do the things that are easier first, then you can actually make a lot of progress.Mark Zuckerberg
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.Theodore Roosevelt
To be successful in business and life, spot the possibilities while others look for problems.Robin Sharma
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.Robert Louis Stevenson
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.Plato
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.Maya Angelou
Road of life is rocky and you may stumble too, so while you talk about me, someone else is judging you.Bob Marley
Empty your cup so that it may be filled; become devoid to gain totality.Bruce Lee
Success is the child of audacity.Benjamin Disraeli
Do one thing every day that scares you.Unknown
A diamond is just a piece of charcoal that handled stress exceptionally well.Unknown
Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome.Arthur Ashe
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.Benjamin Franklin
Confusion of goals and perfection of means seems, in my opinion, to characterise our age.Albert Einstein
What you must imagine is always that you, yourself, are the strongest.Archer ('Fate/stay night')
Make sure your worst enemy doesn't live between your two ears.Laird Hamilton
We need to accept that the commandments of God aren't just a long list of good ideas. They aren't 'life hacks' from an Internet blog or motivational quotes from a Pinterest board.Dieter F. Uchtdorf
I choose to make the rest of my life the best of my life.Louise Hay
You cannot move things by not moving.Suzy Kassem
To be a man requires that you accept everything life has to give you, beginning with your nameBurl Ives
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.Thomas Jefferson
There is a progress whether you are going forward or backward! The thing is to move!Edgar Cayce
The real success in golf lies in turning three shots into two.Bobby Locke
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.George Bernard Shaw
In the United States there's a Puritan ethic and a mythology of success. He who is successful is good. In Latin countries, in Catholic countries, a successful person is a sinner.Umberto Eco
Future peace, prosperity and confidence depend not just on ourselves but on the success of all nations. Hence, we are all partners, no matter what our backgrounds, cultures, faiths and histories.Hassanal Bolkiah
The mind is everything. What you think you become.Buddha
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.Zig Ziglar
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.Eleanor Roosevelt
Focused, hard work is the real key to success. Keep your eyes on the goal, and just keep taking the next step towards completing it. If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better.John Carmack
Lady Gaga is the present and the future. She is the most revolutionary and inspirational artist. She is fearless and daring.Donatella Versace
I have been up against tough competition all my life. I wouldn't know how to get along without it.Walt Disney
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.Daniel Patrick Moynihan
However we spend our time—be it surfing Facebook or exercising at the gym—those are our actual priorities.The Minimalists
Failures to heroic minds are the stepping stones to success.Thomas Chandler Haliburton
I am not afraid... I was born to do this.Joan of Arc
You can do what’s reasonable or you can decide what’s possible.Unknown
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.Albert Einstein
Don’t be afraid. There are exquisite things in store for you. This is merely the beginning.Oscar Wilde
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.Earl Wilson
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.William Feather
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.Les Brown
We learned about gratitude and humility - that so many people had a hand in our success, from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean... and we were taught to value everyone's contribution and treat everyone with respect.Michelle Obama
Life is so short, so beautiful. Don’t be so serious about work. Enjoy the lives.Jack Ma
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.John Wooden
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.Joyce Brothers
A great social success is a pretty girl who plays her cards as carefully as if she were plain.F. Scott Fitzgerald
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people.Theodore Roosevelt
Eighty percent of success is showing up.Woody Allen
Work will win when wishy washy wishing won t.Thomas S. Monson
Nothing good comes in life or athletics unless a lot of hard work has preceded the effort. Only temporary success is achieved by taking short cuts.Roger Staubach
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.Maori Proverb
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.Christopher Morley
We sing inspirational songs, songs of praise and worship, and about how good and how big God is. We are magnifying the Lord.Fred Hammond
Kill them with success, Bury them with a smile.Harvey Specter
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.Albert Einstein
From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow.Aeschylus
The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire; the size of your dream; and how you handle disappointment along the way.Robert Kiyosaki
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily.Zig Ziglar
Space exploration is important research to our economic and national defense, and America's space program is a symbol of our success as a scientifically and technologically advanced nation.Randy Forbes
Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made.Tyler Kent White
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.Unknown
I tried out various experiments described in treatises on physics and chemistry, and the results were sometimes unexpected. At times, I would be encouraged by a little unhoped-for success; at others, I would be in the deepest despair because of accidents and failures resulting from my inexperience.Marie Curie
I am hitting my head against the walls, but the walls are giving way.Gustav Mahler
Creativity takes courage.Henri Matisse
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.Khalil Gibran
The greatest success stories were created by people who recognized a problem & turned it into an opportunity.Joseph Sugarman
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.Confucius
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.H.G. Wells
No real change in history has ever been achieved by discussions.Subhash chandra bose
Coming to Nashville has been so motivating and inspirational. Just watching people live and breathe their music and create something that they can feel from start to finish.Madi Diaz
I think that success is having fun.Bruno Mars
Many are harmed by fear itself, and many may have come to their fate while dreading fateSeneca
Normal is not something to aspire to, it’s something to get away from.Jodie Foster
We see things not as they are, we see them as WE are.Morrie Camhi
The secrets of success are a good wife and a steady job. My wife told me.Howard Nemerov
Step by step and the thing is done.Charles Atlas
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.Mahatma Gandhi
Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.Ernest Barbaric
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances.Lee Ann Womack
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.Paulo Coelho
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.Kevyn Aucoin
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.Khalil Gibran
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.Andre Gide
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals.Jim Rohn
Haters are all failures. It's 100% across the board. No one who is truly brilliant at anything is a hater.Joe Rogan
Success isn't everything but it makes a man stand straight.Lillian Hellman
My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
If you don't build your dream someone will hire you to help build theirs.Tony A. Gaskins Jr.
Fear stops people from accomplishing their goals.Unknown
I think there's an awful lot of noise about the Church being persecuted but there is a more real issue that the conventional churches face - that the people who are really driving their revival and success believe in an old-time religion which, in my view, is incompatible with a modern, multi-ethnic, multicultural society.Trevor Phillips
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.Helen Keller
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.Pablo Picasso
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.Amelia Barr
In sports teams, apart from talk of sporting prowess and the imparting of inspirational thought, an extraordinary amount of time is spent discussing, and flaunting, material possessions.Harsha Bhogle
Taxation is the price we pay for failing to build a civilized society. The higher the tax level, the greater the failure. A centrally planned totalitarian state represents a complete defeat for the civilized world, while a totally voluntary society represents its ultimate success.Mark Skousen
There is a loftier ambition than merely to stand high in the world. It is to stoop down and lift mankind a little higher.Henry Van Dyke
I love inspirational R&B, like Mary J. Blige and Jennifer Hudson. I want to do that. That kind of music stays with you.Ashthon Jones
The only people who see the whole picture, are the ones who step out of the frame.Salman Rushdie
To the victim, adversity is bad. To the leader and warrior, hard times are life’s richest times of growth, opportunity, and possibility. Use them to fly.Robin Sharma
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life.Robert Louis Stevenson
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.Maya Angelou
Create each day anew.Morihei Ueshiba
There's always the motivation of wanting to win. Everybody has that. But a champion needs, in his attitude, a motivation above and beyond winning.Pat Riley
You said you worked hard?
Well, maybe you need to work a little bit longer.Saitama ('One-Punch Man')
My store, Wine Library, outsells big national chains. How do you think we do it? It started with hustle. I always say that our success wasn't due to my hundreds of online videos about wine that went viral, but to the hours I spent talking to people online afterward, making connections and building relationships.Gary Vaynerchuk
Leadership means that a group, large or small, is willing to entrust authority to a person who has shown judgment, wisdom, personal appeal, and proven competence.Walt Disney
The first principle of success is desire - knowing what you want. Desire is the planting of your seed.Robert Collier
Even when disco went out, I could still make hits. Once I had so much success, every idea became concentrated. I had so much confidence. I knew how the bass should sound, what rhythms would work. The tempos I knew: 110 to 120 BPM. I knew they would dance in the clubs in New York or anywhere.Giorgio Moroder
Great achievement always requires great sacrifice.Robin Sharma
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer.Ralph Waldo Emerson
It’s Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It’s Whether You Get Up.Vince Lombardi
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction. George Lorimer
Success lies in a masterful consistency around the fundamentals.Robin Sharma
It doesn't matter whether you are pursuing success in business, sports, the arts, or life in general: The bridge between wishing and accomplishing is discipline.Harvey Mackay
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.Dale Carnegie
Integrity is so perishable in the summer months of success.Vanessa Redgrave
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances.Lee Ann Womack
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.Helen Keller
I come to win.Leo Durocher
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.Kevyn Aucoin
You are never too old to set a new goal or to dream a new dream.C.S Lewis
Get busy livin’, or get busy dyin’.Andy Dufresne, from The Shawshank Redemption
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Success isn't always going to be a huge contract; success is going to be if you just live out your purpose in life.Allan Houston
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.John R. Wooden
You don't need a reason to help people.Zidane Tribal
Every success in limiting armaments is a sign that the will to achieve mutual understanding exists, and every such success thus supports the fight for international law and order.Ludwig Quidde
Braving obstacles and hardships is nobler than retreat to tranquility.Khalil Gibran
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.Martha Stewart
The doors of the future are open to whoever can push them.Coluche
Nothing big is accomplished without passion.Hegel
Doing your best means never stop trying.Unknown
Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.W. Clement Stone
I am against having emotions, not against using them.Harvey Specter
Wake up early and tackle the day before it tackles you. Be on offense, not defense.Evan Carmichael
If you don't like where you are, change it. You're not a tree.Jim Rohn
I've always believed that success for anyone is all about drive, dedication, and desire, but for me, it's also been about confidence and faith.Stephen Curry
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.Dr. Seuss
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.Theodore Roosevelt
Falsity in intellectual action is intellectual immorality.Thomas Chrowder Chamberlin
The first and most important step toward success is the feeling that we can succeed.Nelson Boswell
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.Thomas Jefferson
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.Albert Camus
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.Theodore Roosevelt
How can they say my life is not a success? Have I not for more than sixty years got enough to eat and escaped being eaten?Logan Pearsall Smith
I am so fresh in soul and spirit that life gushes and bubbles around me in a thousand springs.Robert Schumann
People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life.Carrie-Anne Moss
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.Johnny Cash
I'm different, and I have to be a warrior to be that way. But I have had some success; I hope I have touched the lives of some wonderful people, all by being what I see as myself but some others people see as different.Johnny Weir
I would say I'm an inspirational guidelines book. You can take my life story or scenarios or songs and relate to them and apply them to your everyday life.Chris Brown
What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.Theodore Roethke
Today is not the day I die.Oberyn Martell
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name.Sylvia Browne
If you can dream it, you can do it.Walt Disney
The cost of our success is the exhaustion of natural resources, leading to energy crises, climate change, pollution, and the destruction of our habitat. If you exhaust natural resources, there will be nothing left for your children. If we continue in the same direction, humankind is headed for some frightful ordeals, if not extinction.Christian de Duve
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.Eleanor Roosevelt
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.Milton Berle
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!T. Harv Eker
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.Gustave Flaubert
It can take a lifetime to become what you always were to begin with.Anonymous
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.Thomas A. Edison
It's not about how hard you can hit; it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward.Rocky Balboa
Success is dependent on effort.Sophocles
Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential for success in life - all areas of life. The really good news is that anyone can develop both honesty and integrity.Zig Ziglar
Positive thinking will let you use the ability which you have, and that is awesome.Zig Ziglar
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals.Booker T. Washington
It’s always too early to quitNorman Vincent Peale
I did stand-up comedy for 18 years. Ten of those years were spent learning, four years were spent refining, and four years were spent in wild success. I was seeking comic originality, and fame fell on me as a byproduct. The course was more plodding than heroic.Steve Martin
The secret of life is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.Paulo Coelho
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.Walter Scott
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.Mark Twain
Even if you fall on your face you’re still moving forward.Victor Kiam
Hope, makes you forget all the difficult hours.Soichiro Honda
Marvin's Motivational Moments actually started as something that was actually therapeutic for me. I would sit up late at night after my wife passed trying to adjust to being alone.Marvin Sapp
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.Carl Sandburg
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.Aristotle Onassis
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.Tony Robbins
Always remember you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you thinkA. A. Milne
I try not to put anything political on the forefront of what I'm trying to do creatively. At the same time, I do think it's wonderful when I hear people say that it's inspirational that I'm an Indian woman on camera. My life is very diverse, and my friends are a diverse group of people.Mindy Kaling
Move fast and break things. Unless you are breaking stuff, you are not moving fast enough.Mark Zuckerberg
Instead of this confusion, we need the unifying force of an official language, English, which is the language of success in America.Ernest Istook
To be successful, you have to be out there, you have to hit the ground running, and if you have a good team around you and more than a fair share of luck, you might make something happen. But you certainly cant guarantee it just by following someone elses formula.Richard Branson
I used to have a sign pinned up on my wall that read: Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is indestructible be found in us...It was all about letting go of everything.Pema Chodron
Although he's no longer with us, Steve Jobs is still inspirational to me, as he managed to find the balance between right brain/left-brain thinking that is crucial to building a creative technology business.Imran Amed
I think it's way harder when you have success, 'cause people tend to not treat you the same or look at you the same because they see the success or the money you make.Meek Mill
A manager is a guide. He takes a group of people and says, 'With you I can make us a success; I can show you the way.'Arsene Wenger
My ambition is greater than my effort. My effort is greater than my talent. And my talent is a hostage of my temper. But I persist.Tawfīq al-Ḥakīm
We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize we only have one.Anne Hathaway
I started doing motivational tours. I've seen all kinds of people, from the CEOs to the lowest executive, opening up to their fears. We don't introspect as much as we should.Anupam Kher
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.Arnold Palmer
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.Joseph Campbell
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.André Gide
Just because it's only 'stuff' doesn't mean I can't appreciate it while I have it.Starline X. Hodge
Fame or perceived success - it all comes from groupthink.Chance The Rapper
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.Winston Churchill
Reach for the stars.Christa McAuliffe
I don't stop when I am tired, I stop when I am done.James Bond
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.Helen Keller
Luxury is the wolf at the door and its fangs are the vanities and conceits germinated by success. When an artist learns this, he knows where the danger is.Tennessee Williams
If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude.Maya Angelou
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.J. Paul Getty
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.Franklin D. Roosevelt
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this: you haven't.Thomas Edison
I'm thrilled to continue my partnership with U by Kotex for Generation Know while helping to empower girls. I've always been a motivational resource for my younger sisters and hope I can positively impact and inspire other young girls too.Khloe Kardashian
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.Buddha
Faith is love taking the form of aspirationWilliam Ellery Channing
Stop chasing the money and start chasing the passion.Tony Hsieh
A strong passion for any object will ensure success, for the desire of the end will point out the means.Henry Hazlitt
I went to a motivational training course once, a course of self-discovery, and I found out after a week that my fear - it was not a fear of not being accepted - was a very violent fear of failure.Emanuel Steward
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.George A. Sheehan
No skill shapes a child's future success in school or in life more than the ability to read.Bob Riley
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.Will Rogers
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.Napoleon Hill
Fortune always favors the brave, and never helps a man who does not help himself.P.T. Barnum
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse.Florence Nightingale
You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.Maya Angelou
I was perceived to be a first- to third-rounder. I kind of had a tough junior year and fell to the fifth round. At that time, it was motivational.Ryan Howard
Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.Zeuxis
There is no shame in making an honest effort.Epictetus
Every time I plant a seed, He say kill it before it grow, he say kill it before they grow.Bob Marley
Be a hero, always say, I have no fear!Swami Vivekananda
Actually, I'm an overnight success, but it took twenty years.Monty Hall
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.Mark Twain
Self-trust is the first secret of success.Ralph Waldo Emerson
We learned about gratitude and humility - that so many people had a hand in our success, from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean... and we were taught to value everyone's contribution and treat everyone with respect.Michelle Obama
Each day provides its own gifts.Marcus Aurelius
The best way out is always through.Robert Frost
In business, you can have one massive success that earns $50 million overnight, and that's it. You're successful. End of story. But in the music business, you have to keep on doing it.Noel Gallagher
Nothing succeeds like success.Alexandre Dumas
Success breeds success.Mia Hamm
If you're not doing what you love, you're wasting your time.Unknown
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.Swami Sivananda
I was assured of a place in the team without trials, but I had a feeling it was not fair…when many of my friends were fighting badly for a place and had to prove their mettle in the inter-provincial tournament.Dhyan Chand
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.Johnny Cash
An ounce of practice is better than tons of teaching.Mahatma Gandhi
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.Flip Wilson
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.Neil Armstrong
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.Ralph Waldo Emerson
You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.Unknown
I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat.Rose Kennedy
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.Joseph Campbell
If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.Roald Dahl
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.Dr. Suess
Why did I want to win? because I didn't want to lose!Max Schmelling
Achieve success in any area of life by identifying the optimum strategies and repeating them until they become habits.Charles J. Givens
This is just rap. I'm not trying to make people think I'm some sort of scientific wizard or inspirational poet.Action Bronson
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.Will Smith
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.Andre Gide
Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow - after you have done your best to achieve success today.Maxwell Maltz
Success is the sweetest revenge.Vanessa Williams
The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows.Aristotle Onassis
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.Mark Twain
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.Arthur Ashe
One day, I got so disgusted that I sat down and wrote a list called 'Justin's list of things to do before he kicks the bucket.' I wrote it for myself and shortened it to 'Justin's Bucket List.' It was there on the wall, not as a story idea but as a motivational tool for myself, which actually ended up working pretty well.Justin Zackham
Success cannot come from standstill men. Methods change and men must change with them.James Cash Penney
I don't like being choreographed to a T. I like to take steps and make them my own.John Cameron Mitchell
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical.Julius Erving
I like motivational books, because I like the go-getting American spirit - your destiny is in your own hands, life is what you make it, don't accept your limitations, jump before you're pushed, leap before you look.Louise Mensch
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.Arthur Ashe
Noble life demands a noble architecture for noble uses of noble men. Lack of culture means what it has always meant: ignoble civilization and therefore imminent downfall.Frank Lloyd Wright
Even if you came last, you won over all those who feared to give it a try.Pulkit Goel
It's not enough that I should succeed - others should fail.David Merrick
Step by step and the thing is done.Charles Atlas
Courage is knowing what not to fear.Plato
The world isn’t split into good people and Death Eaters. We’ve all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That’s who we really areThe Order of the Phoenix
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it.Andy Warhol
Courage is resistance to fear, master of fear, not absence of fearMark Twain
I am very conscious of who I am as an artist and as an inspirational person.R. Kelly
The real end winner of NAFTA is going to be Mexico because we have the human capital. We have that resource that is vital to the success of the U.S. economy.Vicente Fox
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.Samuel Beckett
Whatever you do to gain success, you have to hang in there and hope good things happen. Always think positive.Don Rickles
Your success story is a bigger story than whatever you're trying to say on stage. Success makes life easier. It doesn't make living easier.Bruce Springsteen
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.Vince Lombardi
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's the determination and commitment to unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.Mario Andretti
Success for me means being able to work. I don't look at so much at what I've done as much as I look to what I will do.Phylicia Rashad
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they canâ€™t find them, make them.George Bernard Shaw
I really think that it's disgusting that Paris is the only place where it is illegal for paps to follow you around. It actually took someone losing their life - Diana, an inspirational woman - and then it changed, but they still won't change it in London! It's horrible!Cara Delevingne
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.Benjamin Franklin
Talent is a wonderful thing, but it won't carry a quitter.Stephen King
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.John F. Kennedy
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.Alexander the Great
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.Reggie Leach
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.Henry David Thoreau
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.Og Mandino
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.Friedrich Schiller
Do whatever you do intensely.Robert Henri
Our daily decisions and habits have a huge impact upon both our levels of happiness and success.Shawn Achor
It’s one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself, to forgive. Forgive everybody.Maya Angelou
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.Marcus Aurelius
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if only one remembers to turn on the lightThe Prisoner of Azkaban
All I can do will only ever be a faint image of what I see and my success will always be less than my failure or perhaps equal to the failure.Alberto Giacometti
What drew me towards team sport were the camaraderie and friendship. The chance to celebrate victory and success with a group of other people is something I have enjoyed doing.Rahul Dravid
I take great pride in all the tremendous success we've enjoyed at CBS. And the good news is that I feel even more enthusiastic about what my terrific team and I will accomplish going forward.Leslie Moonves
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.Warren Buffett
Success in management requires learning as fast as the world is changing.Warren Bennis
You were designed for accomplishment, engineered for success, and endowed with the seeds of greatness.Zig Ziglar
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose. G.K.Nielson
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.George Burns
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.Unknown
I think the end goal, hopefully, is to take advantage of the attention I've gotten along the way and use it for good and build some communities, and as I get older I can continue to do things and be surrounded by things that are inspirational to me.Reggie Watts
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.Dr. Seuss
Hope is a state of mind, not of the world. Hope, in this deep and powerful sense, is not the same as joy that things are going well, or willingness to invest in enterprises that are obviously heading for success, but rather an ability to work for something because it is good.Vaclav Havel
It's the price of success: people start to think you're omnipotent.Ben Bernanke
I'm a bit of a P. T. Barnum. I make stars out of everyone.Donald Trump
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free.Ray Manzarek
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.Dwight D. Eisenhower
Obedience brings success; exact obedience brings miracles.Russell M. Nelson
Philosophy is the highest music.Plato
I want to make this world perfect.Malala Yousafzai
Eighty percent of success is showing up.Woody Allen
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.Rumi
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life.Dean Koontz
'Tis pleasant, sure, to see one's name in print. A book's a book, although there's nothing in 't.Lord Byron
The ideal life is in our blood and never will be still.Phillips Brooks
The way of a superior man is three-fold: virtuous, he is free from anxieties; wise, he is free from perplexities; bold, he is free from fear.Confucius
The making of friends who are real friends, is the best token we have of a man's success in life.Edward Everett Hale
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.Philip Sidney
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.Bill Cosby
Persistence gets you farther than brilliance.Robin Sharma
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new pathsWalt Disney
You wanna know what scares people? Success. When you don't make moves and when you don't climb up the ladder, everybody loves you because you're not competition.Nicki Minaj
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life.Robert Louis Stevenson
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.Lucy Larcom
If you create incredible value and information for others that can change their lives - and you always stay focused on that service - the financial success will follow.Brendon Burchard
Success breeds success, and failure leads to a sort of fallow period.Felicity Kendal
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.Mario Andretti
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.Robert Frost
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.Ayn Rand
To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business and your business in your heart.Thomas J. Watson
Never be too busy to be kind.Robin Sharma
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.Kevin Kruse
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.Mark Twain
I'd like to one day be featured on a list of inspirational people who have made a difference in the world, whether it be helping underprivileged people or putting an end to the poaching of wildlife in Africa.Candice Swanepoel
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.The Chamber of Secrets
The more you dream, the farther you get.Michael Phelps
Success demands singleness of purpose.Vince Lombardi
Only I can change my life. NO one can do it for me.Carol Burnett
Learning and innovation go hand in hand. The arrogance of success is to think that what you did yesterday will be sufficient for tomorrow.William Pollard
Fantasy is an exercise bicycle for the mind. It might not take you anywhere, but it tones up the muscles that can.Terry Pratchett
Of all things visible, the highest is the heaven of the fixed stars.Nicolaus Copernicus
The only true measure of success is the ratio between what we might have done and what we might have been on the one hand, and the thing we have made and the things we have made of ourselves on the other.H. G. Wells
Honesty and integrity are by far the most important assets of an entrepreneur.Zig Ziglar
Survival was my only hope, success my only revenge.Patricia Cornwell
Luck is where opportunity meets preparation.Seneca
Nobody travels on the road to success without a puncture or two.Navjot Singh Sidhu
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.Henry Ford
No foreign policy - no matter how ingenious - has any chance of success if it is born in the minds of a few and carried in the hearts of none.Henry Kissinger
Giving back, doing motivational speeches and stuff like that, that's always made me feel good. If you repeatedly go out there, and you are the change that you want to see, then that's what you are.Keke Palmer
Do not wait to strike 'til the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.William Butler Yeats
I've always thought of acting as more of an exercise in empathy, which is not to be confused with sympathy. You're trying to get inside a certain emotional reality or motivational reality and try to figure out what that's about so you can represent it.Edward Norton
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change.Unknown
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.John Wooden
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.Eleanor Roosevelt
Humility is the true key to success. Successful people lose their way at times. They often embrace and overindulge from the fruits of success. Humility halts this arrogance and self-indulging trap. Humble people share the credit and wealth, remaining focused and hungry to continue the journey of success.Rick Pitino
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.Albert Einstein
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.Socrates
We all obviously need others to look up to, and be inspirational to us. Ford did a great job as far as putting the presidency back where it belonged, getting the trust back after Nixon. And President Reagan has been one of the most influential presidents.Steve Garvey
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.David Cameron
A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement.Bo Bennet
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.Thomas Carlyle
I'm lucky to be part of a team who help to make me look good, and they deserve as much of the credit for my success as I do for the hard work we have all put in on the training ground.Lionel Messi
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.Tony Robbins
All change is hard at the first, messy in the middle, and so gorgeous at the end.Robin Sharma
Don’t tell me what you value, show me your budget, and I’ll tell you what you value.Joe Biden
We Generate Fears While We Sit. We Overcome Them By Action.Dr. Henry Link
Dude, suckin' at something is the first step to being sorta good at something.Jake, "Adventure Time"
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.Bill Gates
Please pay attention very carefully, because this is the truest thing a stranger will ever say to you: In the face of such hopelessness as our eventual, unavoidable death, there is little sense in not at least TRYING to accomplish all your wildest dreams in life.Kevin Smith
Hard times produce your greatest gifts.Robin Sharma
What is success? It is a toy balloon among children armed with pins.Gene Fowler
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.Unknown
Money does not guarantee success.Jose Mourinho
When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful.Malala Yousafzai
You have been my friend. That in itself is a tremendous thing.Charlotte A. Cavatica
You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.Jonathan Safran Foer
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.Thomas Jefferson
Almost no one is foolish enough to imagine that he automatically deserves great success in any field of activity; yet almost everyone believes that he automatically deserves success in marriage.Sydney J. Harris
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.Winston Churchill
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.Anais Nin
They can conquer who believe they can.Virgil
The hardest thing to find in life is balance - especially, the more success you have, the more you look to the other side of the gate.Celine Dion
As long as I'm not selling out the people that ride or die with me, I'm glad I'm not an MC. I'm a motivational speaker. I'm not that rapper dude.Young Jeezy
You look at the tremendous success of Facebook. To my mind there is not a lot of commerce going on in these social networking sites. eBay is a community anchored in commerce. It is a commerce site that built a community around it. What has not been proven is if the reverse can happen and people will go to community sites to do commerce.Meg Whitman
You always draw inspiration from your family or your parents if they've proven to be inspirational. My mother is someone who's always been inspirational to me.Dustin Clare
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.Henry Ford
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself.Saint Teresea of Avila
Ah, music,” he said wiping his eyes. “A magic beyond all we do here.The Sorcerer’s Stone
Hitch your wagon to a star.Ralph Waldo Emerson
There is little success where there is little laughter.Andrew Carnegie
Trials can be teachers. Hardship can breed heroism. Pain can morph into power. It’s all your choice.Robin Sharma
We May Encounter Many Defeats But We Must Not Be Defeated.Maya Angelou
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.Bruce Lee
You will never win if you never begin.Helen Rowland
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.Wayne Gretzky
Don't let the mistakes and disappointments of the past control and direct your future.Zig Ziglar
When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find ways to do it.Dr. David Schwartz
Action leads to Attention. that in the short-term releases Rewarding brain chemicals and in the long term improves reproductive success.Keith Henson
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.Benjamin Franklin
True leadership lies in guiding others to success. In ensuring that everyone is performing at their best, doing the work they are pledged to do and doing it well.Bill Owens
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.Victor Hugo
Sometimes, life is like this dark tunnel. You can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you keep moving, you will come to a better place.Uncle Iroh
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.Arlen Specter
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.Zig Ziglar
My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day.Johnny Carson
Sitting quietly, doing nothing, Spring comes, and the grass grows by itself.Matsuo Basho
The life which is unexamined is not worth living.Plato
I grew up in a bookless house - my parents didn't read poetry, so if I hadn't had the chance to experience it at school I'd never have experienced it. But I loved English, and I was very lucky in that I had inspirational English teachers, Miss Scriven and Mr. Walker, and they liked us to learn poems by heart, which I found I loved doing.Carol Ann Duffy
Success is just being happy. And I try so many different things. I do a lot of different things. Because I think God has helped me to love myself. I know who God is, and I love God.Herschel Walker
The one thing that I know is that you win with good people.Don Shula
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.Rumi
I think that my biggest attribute to any success that I have had is hard work. There really is no substitute for working hard.Maria Bartiromo
Better to be called something positive and inspirational than something negative.Donnie Yen
Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand.Bob Proctor, You Were Born Rich
I've lost count of the number of times that I've been approached by strangers wanting to tell me that they think I'm brave or inspirational, and this was long before my work had any kind of public profile.Stella Young
Time passes, people move. Like a river's flow, it never ends. A childish mind will turn to noble ambitionSheik (The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time)
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.plato
No one will believe in you until you believe in you.Robin Sharma
When you care about what other people think, you start wasting precious time.
Just do it; what are you afraid of?B.A.P ('Do What I Feel')
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.Abraham Lincoln
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance.Morgan Freeman
Since we launched the original 'Pop Idol' in England, I've remained close with Simon Fuller. Working as executive producer on 'American idol' for its first seven years not only was an inspirational journey into the heart of American pop culture, it opened my eyes to the untapped potential of the incredibly dynamic young people in this world.Nigel Lythgoe
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The measure of a man is what he does with power.Plato
True success, true happiness lies in freedom and fulfillment.Dada Vaswani
From small beginnings come great things.Proverb
You change your life by changing your heart.Max Lucado
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free.Ray Manzarek
I think true success is intrinsic... It's love. It's kindness. It's community.Tom Shadyac
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.Donald Laird
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak. Thomas Carlyle
What drives success, and the most successful students, is internal motivation.Vivienne Ming
Imagination creates reality.Richard Wagner
You have to make it happen.Denis Diderot
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success.Irving Berlin
My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.Jim Henson
Overcoming fear is the first step to success for entrepreneurs. The winners all exemplify that, and the hard work and commitment they have shown underlines what is needed to set up a business.Richard Branson
Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses.Marilyn vos Savant
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.Maya Angelou
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.Winston Churchill
When people stand up and talk about the great success that the EU has been, I'm not sure anybody saying it really believes it themselves anymore.Nigel Farage
Our ideals are our better selves.Amos Bronson Alcott
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.Walt Whitman
People are crazy and times are strange/ I'm locked in tight, I'm out of range/ I used to care, but things have changed.Bob Dylan
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.Eleanor Roosevelt
Nothing is impossible to him who will try.Alexander The Great
Why be a man when you can be a success?Bertolt Brecht
Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period.Lou Holtz
You were born into genius. Don’t settle for any mediocrity.Robin Sharma
I must admit that I personally measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to her or his fellow human beings.Margaret Mead
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.Albert Schweitzer
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.Albert Einstein
I can, therefore I am.Simone Weil
That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much.Robert Louis Stevenson
Courage is resistance to fear, master of fear, not absence of fearMark Twain
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.Albert Einstein
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.Earl Nightingale
The very important thing you should have is patience.Jack Ma
I always did something I was a little not ready to do. I think that’s how you grow. When there’s that moment of, ‘Wow, I’m not really sure I can do this,’ and you push through those moments, that’s when you have a breakthrough.Marissa Mayer
To begin, begin.William Wordsworth
To follow, without halt, one aim: that's the secret of success.Anna Pavlova
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.Mark Caine
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.Thomas Edison
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.Augustus Hare
I could either watch it happen, or be a part of it.Elon Musk
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.Bruce Lee
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.Bo Jackson
About the only problem with success is that it does not teach you how to deal with failure.Tommy Lasorda
The computer is a moron.Peter Drucker
I am only one, but I am one. I cannot do everything, but I can do something. And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what I can do.Edward Everett Hale
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.Unknown
Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.Mark Twain
Life is a negotiation. We all want. We all give to get what we want.Mordin Solus
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.Og Mandino
It’s not whether you get knocked down. It’s whether you get up.Vince Lombardi
It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you aren't.André Gide
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.William Shakespeare
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.Elbert Hubbard
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.Oscar Wilde
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.Winston Churchill
A conversation with a friend costs nothing, and can be the most meaningful thing you’ll do today.The Minimalists
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.St. Jerome
If people ask me for the ingredients of success, I say one is talent, two is stubbornness or determination, and third is sheer luck. You have to have two out of the three. Any two will probably do.Fred Saberhagen
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.Jamie Paolinetti
I remember one day sitting at the pool and suddenly the tears were streaming down my cheeks. Why was I so unhappy? I had success. I had security. But it wasn't enough. I was exploding inside.Ingrid Bergman
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.Emile Zola
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.Tim Notke
People seldom see the halting and painful steps by which the most insignificant success is achieved.Anne Sullivan
I've been very lucky to have achieved a lot of the things that I dreamt of achieving as a young man. But, at the end of the day - and I truly believe this - it is not about achieving great wealth or success. Because they don't bring happiness, ultimately.Leonardo DiCaprio
You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.Arnold Schwarzenegger
The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts.Robin Sharma
Never did a government commence under auspices so favorable, nor ever was success so complete.James Monroe
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.Malala Yousafzai
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.F. Scott Fitzgerald
At the end of the day, you are solely responsible for your success and your failure. And the sooner you realize that, you accept that, and integrate that into your work ethic, you will start being successful. As long as you blame others for the reason you aren't where you want to be, you will always be a failure.Erin Cummings
The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other.Mark Hopkins
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.Theodore Roosevelt
You should learn from your competitor, but never copy. Copy and you die.Jack Ma
With self-discipline most anything is possible.Theodore Roosevelt
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you’re a man, you take itMalcolm X
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.Earl Nightingale
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.Colin Powell
With integrity, you have nothing to fear, since you have nothing to hide. With integrity, you will do the right thing, so you will have no guilt.Zig Ziglar
Failure at some point in your life is inevitable, but giving up is unforgivable.Joe Biden
Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand.Baruch Spinoza
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.Walt Disney
We don't have a divine right to success. So I agree with a lot of politicians out there when they say, 'We've got serious issues.' We do: immigration, infrastructure. I think income inequality's one of them.Jamie Dimon
I dwell in possibility.Emily Dickinson
Whatever it is you’re seeking won’t come in the form you’re expecting.Haruki Murakami
Imagine Your Life Is Perfect In Every Respect; What Would It Look Like?Brian Tracy
No pessimist ever discovered the secret of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new doorway for the human spirit.Helen Keller
A work well begun is half-ended.Plato
My initial goal for the 1984 opening ceremonies was a show that would be majestic, inspirational, and emotional - a 20 goosebump experience.David L. Wolper
Future peace, prosperity and confidence depend not just on ourselves but on the success of all nations. Hence, we are all partners, no matter what our backgrounds, cultures, faiths and histories.Hassanal Bolkiah
I don't know how to live good. I only know how to suffer.Bob Marley
It’s always too early to quit.Norman Vincent Peale
Your daily behavior reveals your deepest beliefs.Robin Sharma
Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow know what you truly want to become.Steve Jobs
It's a special person - and personality - who can lead a start-up to soaring success and sustain that success for the long term. Apple co-founder Steve Jobs and Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg are star examples.Marcus Buckingham
The success of any great moral enterprise does not depend upon numbers.William Lloyd Garrison
I'll tell you, there is nothing better in life than being a late bloomer. I believe that success can happen at any time and at any age.Salma Hayek
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.Benjamin Disraeli
I never expected any sort of success with 'Mockingbird'... I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement.Harper Lee
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.Tony Robbins
Anyone who has to fight, even with the most modern weapons, against an enemy in complete command of the air, fights like a savage against modern European troops, under the same handicaps and with the same chances of success.Erwin Rommel
Don't fight the problem, decide it.George C. Marshall
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.Leo Tolstoy
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.Alfred Sheinwold
One today is worth two tomorrows.Benjamin Franklin
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.Earl Nightingale
Don't give up, Today is hard. Tomorrow will be worse. Day after tomorrow will be sunshine.Jack Ma
Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to'.Lao Tzu
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else upMark Twain
Friends make the worst enemies.Frank Underwood
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Joel - That's the movies, Ed. Try reality. Ed - No thanks.Ellen Herman
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.Walt Disney
What would you do if you weren't afraid.Spencer Johnson
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.Elon Musk
When I ran the stock exchange, it was the most successful it's been in its 200-plus-year history. And I was rewarded for success; I would not have been rewarded if we failed.Richard Grasso
At his best, man is the noblest of all animals; separated from law and justice he is the worst.Aristotle
There is no scientific answer for success. You can't define it. You've simply got to live it and do it.Anita Roddick
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.Isocrates
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner.Lao Tzu
I will always desire to play with Bruce Springsteen. He's the most inspirational, most dedicated, most committed and most focused artist I've ever seen. I like to be around people like that.Max Weinberg
At a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what’s happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That’s the world’s greatest lie.Paulo Coelho
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it nowPaulo Coelho
'Get along, go along' is not an inspirational philosophy, and only God knows how much moral cowardice it has covered up over the years. Serve your time, collect your chits, and cash 'em in for your home state? No, I'd say we could ask for more than that from our senators.Molly Ivins
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.Audre Lorde
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.Katharine Hepburn
If you quit ONCE it becomes a habit.Never quit!!! Michael Jordan
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'Muhammad Ali
Actually, I'm an overnight success, but it took twenty years.Monty Hall
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.Napolean Hill
No one would starve in independent India. Its grain would not be exported. Cloth would not be imported by it. Its leaders would not use a foreign language and finding justice in it would be neither costly nor difficult.Sardar Patel
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.Benjamin Franklin
Success is the most important to many, to me it's just a bonus.Lucas Grabeel
Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans.John Lennon
Other people's success spurs me on to do well and gives me motivation.Nicholas Hoult
You don't win races by wishing, you win them by running faster than everyone else does.Philip Pullman
I was sure I'd set the world on fire, and it was hard for a young feller like me to realize the truth - that I hadn't set the world on fire, and I was totally unprepared to handle the consequences if 'The Big Trail' had been a success and launched me as a star.John Wayne
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.Benjamin Disraeli
I'm not going to get somewhere and say, 'OK, I'm done.' Success is never final; I'll just keep on going. The same way as failure never being fatal. Just keep going. I'm going to the stars and then past them.Conor McGregor
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good.Joe Paterno
Honesty is the most single most important factor having a direct bearing on the final success of an individual, corporation, or product.Ed McMahon
Believe you can and you're halfway there.Theodore Roosevelt
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.Bill Bradley
It's not bragging, If it is true.Harvey Specter
We talk on principal, but act on motivation.Walter Savage Landor
I'm extremely ambitious. I don't know why people are afraid to say that. I won't sell my soul to the devil, but I do want success and I don't think that's bad.Jada Pinkett Smith
We've been surrounded by images of space our whole lives, from the speculative images of science fiction to the inspirational visions of artists to the increasingly beautiful pictures made possible by complex technologies. But whilst we have an overwhelmingly vivid visual understanding of space, we have no sense of what space sounds like.Honor Harger
The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself.Wallace Stevens
Don’t give in to your fears. If you do, you won’t be able to talk to your heart.Paulo Coelho
I think all of us certainly believed the statistics which said that probably 88% chance of mission success and maybe 96% chance of survival. And we were willing to take those odds.Alan Shepard
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.Swami Sivananda
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.Newt Gingrich
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.Amelia Earhart
I thought 'Moulin Rouge' was inspirational, and 'Jesus Christ Superstar' I loved.Pierce Brosnan
Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you.Warren Buffett
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.Francis Chan
It's always too early to quit.Norman Vincent Peale
Watches are the only jewelry men can wear, unless you're Mr. T.Gordon Bethune
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.Albert Einstein
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.Unknown
Try not to become a person of success but a person of value.Albert Einstein
Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't.Alexander McQueen
And when I breathed, my breath was lightning.Black Elk
What you are thinking is what you are becoming.Muhammad Ali
All that is valuable in human society depends upon the opportunity for development accorded the individual.Albert Einstein
I've done a lot of albums and I kinda know when I'm onto something that was inspirational for me to record and create, and this was one of those projects where I really enjoyed making the album.Lee Ritenour
Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.Luna Lovegood–The Order of the Phoenix
We do not celebrate people who have made success out of serious hard work.Iain Duncan Smith
The winner's edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner's edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success.Denis Waitley
One of the key elements of human behavior is, humans have a greater fear of loss than enjoyment of success. All the academic studies will show you that the fear of loss of capital is far greater than the enjoyment of gains.Laurence D. Fink
To be successful you have to be lucky, or a little mad, or very talented, or find yourself in a rapid growth field.Edward de Bono
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.Albert Einstein
Success is following the pattern of life one enjoys most.Al Capp
Skills are cheap. Passion is priceless.Gary Vaynerchuk
We all learn lessons in life. Some stick, some don't. I have always learned more from rejection and failure than from acceptance and success.Henry Rollins
If You Are Working On Something That You Really Care About, You Don’t Have To Be Pushed. The Vision Pulls You.Steve Jobs
Keep moving forward. One step at a time.Unknown
Part of being a man is learning to take responsibility for your successes and for your failures. You can't go blaming others or being jealous. Seeing somebody else's success as your failure is a cancerous way to live.Kevin Bacon
The first question which the priest and the Levite asked was: 'If I stop to help this man, what will happen to me?' But... the good Samaritan reversed the question: 'If I do not stop to help this man, what will happen to him?'Martin Luther King, Jr.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.Swami Vivekananda
Life’s blows cannot break a person whose spirit is warmed by the fire of enthusiasm.Norman Vincent Peale
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.Henry Ward Beecher
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds.Orison Swett Marden
 It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.Grace Hopper
When the root is strong, the fruit is sweet.Bob Marley
Imagination creates reality.Richard Wagner
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves.Richard Rorty
Failure defeats losers; failure inspires winners.Robert T. Kiyosaki
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.Michael Jordan
The wise does at once what the fool does at last.Baltasar Gracian
There are three rules.
1. If you do not go after what you want, you will never have it.
2. If you do not ask, the answer will always be no.
3. If you do not step forward, you will remain in the same place.Unknown
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man.Arthur Young
I want to build a legacy at the WWE, but I definitely want to continue to grow the Bella Empire. I want it to go beyond the ring. I would love to be a motivational speaker.Nikki Bella
After I won the Oscar, my salary doubled, my friends tripled, my children became more popular at school, my butcher made a pass at me, and my maid hit me up for a raise.Shirley Jones
Success is survival.Leonard Cohen
The best revenge is massive success.Frank Sinatra
You will be a failure, until you impress the subconscious with the conviction you are a success. This is done by making an affirmation which 'clicks.'Florence Scovel Shinn
When I was in college, I remember fearing that the dreary grind of adulthood would feature infinitely more existential dread than frat parties had, but the opposite has been true for me. I'm much less likely to feel that gnawing fear of aimlessness and nihilism than I used to be and that's partly because education gave me job opportunities, but it's mostly because education gave me perspective and context.John Green
Focus on being balanced - success is balance.Laila Ali
Like the United Nations, there is something inspirational about New York as a great melting pot of different cultures and traditions. And if this is the city that never sleeps, the United Nations works tirelessly, around the clock around the world.Ban Ki-moon
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.Tao Te Ching
If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it throughChinese Proverb
Imagine your life is perfect in every respect; what would it look like? Brian Tracy
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself.Saint Teresa of Avila
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to be yourself. Thich Nhat Hanh
Writers, as they gain success, feel like outsiders because writers don't come together in real groups.Anne Rice
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.Tony Robbins
I don't want to be married to someone who feels inferior to my success or because I make more money than he does.Grace Kelly
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.Audrey Hepburn
I am an enthusiast, but not a crank in the sense that I have some pet theories as to the proper construction of a flying machine. I wish to avail myself of all that is already known and then, if possible, add my mite to help on the future worker who will attain final success.Wilbur Wright
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.Michael Jordan
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly.Robert H. Schuller
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.Wayne Dyer
Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.Will Rogers
Real success is not on the stage, but off the stage as a human being, and how you get along with your fellow man.Sammy Davis, Jr.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.Ralph Marston
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.Anne Frank
Your attitude will go a long way in determining your success, your recognition, your reputation and your enjoyment in being a lawyer.Joe Jamail
There is no traffic jam along the extra mile.Roger Staubach
If people are not laughing at your goals, your goals are too smallAsim Premji
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.Alice Walker
Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.Richard Branson
Having talent is fantastic. Having confidence is even more important.Robin Sharma
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.Winston Churchill
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing moreThe Half-Blood Prince
Success is not only one thing. It's not only having a nice house in Beverly Hills and driving a nice Mercedes.Malik Bendjelloul
Be yourself. Follow your instincts. Success depends, at least in part, on the ability to 'carry it off.'Donald Rumsfeld
They talk about the failure of socialism but where is the success of capitalism in Africa, Asia and Latin America?Fidel Castro
If you can’t fly, then run.
If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl.
Today we will survive.BTS ('Not Today')
The only way to get ahead is to find errors in conventional wisdom.Larry Ellison
I want to be motivational and inspirational for everybody: my big aim is more women on bicycles.Marianne Vos
Daily ripples of excellence over time become a tsunami of success.Robin Sharma
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.Og Mandino
Be alone, that is the secret of invention; be alone, that is when ideas are born.Nikola Tesla
Life is tough but so are you.Anonymous
In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd.Miguel de Cervantes
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.Zig Ziglar
 I hated every minute of training, but I said, ”Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.Mahummad Ali
Lead without a title.Robin Sharma
You can't play life like an untuned instrument and then ask why the music is unpleasent.Shaan Ahmed
I'm not really easy to live with! There needs to be unlimited patience and unconditional love. Men I've known before loved my independent spirit and were proud of my success, to the point that they'd become jealous of the time I devote to my career.Milla Jovovich
I can and I will. Watch me.Anonymous
True leaders don't invest in buildings. Jesus never built a building. They invest in people. Why? Because success without a successor is failure. So your legacy should not be in buildings, programs, or projects; your legacy must be in people.Myles Munroe
It's as if inside the White House the belief in Obama's inspirational charisma is still such that every time the ugliness of brute politics intrudes, it's a startling revelation.Tina Brown
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can seeMark Twain
You can't use up creativity. The more you use the more you have.Maya Angelou
To have what few have, do what few do.Robin Sharma
Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask. Everything you want also wants you. But you have to take action to get it.Jules Renard
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.Thomas A. Edison
Vision without execution is just hallucination.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Be not afraid of going slowly. Be afraid only of standing still.Chinese proverb
Life affords no higher pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties, passing from one step of success to another, forming new wishes and seeing them gratified.Samuel Johnson
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.Ken Venturi
In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.Eric Hoffer
The secret of getting ahead is getting startedMark Twain
How does one measure the success of a museum?J. Paul Getty
If you want to achieve things in life, you've just got to do them, and if you're talented and smart, you'll succeed.Juliana Hatfield
Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand-and melting like a snowflake.Francis Bacon Sr.
I'm an addict, I'm addicted to success. Thankfully, there's no rehab for success.Lil Wayne
Don’t gain the world and lose your soul. Wisdom is better than silver and gold.Bob Marley
There's no escalators - there's only staircases to success. There is no substitute for hard work.Lilly Singh
Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember--the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you.Zig Ziglar
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.Neale Donald Walsh
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.David Hume
Traveling around the country, meeting fans and hearing their stories in person and on my radio show has reenergized my commitment to creating honest and inspirational content that not only serves my own creative purposes but can help and touch others as well.Nikki Sixx
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you.Lao Tzu
A passionate belief in your business and personal objectives can make all the difference between success and failure. If you aren't proud of what you're doing, why should anybody else be?Richard Branson
The only constant in the technology industry is changeMarc Benioff
I like to put on hardcore when I have to clean my apartment, which I hate to do, but it's motivational. I like old heavy metal when I'm outside working on my car. Music has definite functions for me.Peter Steele
I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has had to overcome while trying to succeed.Booker T. Washington
Focus on being balanced - success is balance.Laila Ali
I look at where I'm at today and realize that most of my success is owed to the mentors that was in my life.Kendrick Lamar
Do not fear mistakes - there are none.Miles Davis
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It’s not.The Once-ler
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.Henry Ford
Challenge is the pathway to engagement and progress in our lives. But not all challenges are created equal. Some challenges make us feel alive, engaged, connected, and fulfilled. Others simply overwhelm us. Knowing the difference as you set bigger and bolder challenges for yourself is critical to your sanity, success, and satisfaction.Brendon Burchard
Things that look like an 'overnight success' typically are not.Jason Calacanis
If your dreams don't scare you, they are too small.Richard Branson
Fire tries gold, misfortune tries brave men.Seneca
Even successful musicians have had periods where people say they suck and no one likes them, even after they've had periods of great success. So I think it's like you just gotta do you and try to stay motivated. Until, you know, you decide to stay home and make spaghetti all day.K. Flay
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.Jim Rohn
You need to be a peli-CAN. Not peli-CAN'T.Steve Carell
In the first six to twelve months of a war with the United States and Great Britain I will run wild and win victory upon victory. But then, if the war continues after that, I have no expectation of success.Isoroku Yamamoto
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family, friends, and coworkers, and even strangers you meet along the way.Barbara Bush
Braving obstacles and hardships is nobler than retreat to tranquility.Khalil Gibran
The way to get started is to quit talking ans begin doing.Walt Disney Company
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.George S. Patton
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.George Orwell
Nothing succeeds like success.Alexandre Dumas
No one should have the power to shatter your dreams unless you give it to them.Unknown
I tried out various experiments described in treatises on physics and chemistry, and the results were sometimes unexpected. At times, I would be encouraged by a little unhoped-for success; at others, I would be in the deepest despair because of accidents and failures resulting from my inexperience.Marie Curie
Just remember, you can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.Arnold Schwarzenegger
I used to think the worst thing in life was to end up all alone. It’s not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people that make you feel all alone.Robin Willaims
There's a way to do it better - find it.Thomas A. Edison
I have amazing friends who have led inspirational lives.Andrew Shue
When I was working at the Sprint store, I got laid off. I was bummed out, but I stayed positive. I used the money I had earned while working there to make my first album. Without that job, maybe 'Corazon Sin Cara' would never had been made. It's a very inspirational story.Prince Royce
With self-discipline most anything is possible.Theodore Roosevelt
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.Christopher Columbus
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?Fulton J. Sheen
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.Andy Warhol
Distraction is a form of procrastination.Ryan Nicodemus
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.Milton Berle
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near.Margaret Thatcher
The heights charm us, but the steps do not; with the mountain in our view we love to walk the plains.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
We convince by our presence.Walt Whitman
You create your opportunities by asking for them.Shakti Gawain
A hard fall means a high bounce…if you’re made of the right material.Unknown
I view art as an inspirational tool.Thomas Kincade
FEarly to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.Benjamin Franklin
If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.Joseph Addison
If a man is called a street sweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and Earth will pause to say, 'Here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well.'Martin Luther King, Jr.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats.Og Mandino
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.Bruce Lee
We should behave to our friends as we would wish our friends to behave to us.Aristotle
Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement. One fails forward toward success.C. S. Lewis
I wish the Peace Corps and its volunteers continued success and perseverance. We are grateful for their contributions to society and dedication to providing assistance where it is needed. May the Peace Corps continue its legacy of service, both at home and abroad.Kenny Marchant
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.Bruce Feirstein
What I have in common with the character in 'Truman' is this incredible need to please people. I feel like I want to take care of everyone and I also feel this terrible guilt if I am unable to. And I have felt this way ever since all this success started.Jim Carrey
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it worksSteve Jobs
They succeed, because they think they can.Virgil
There is often a number of solutions for a given problem.John Nash
If you want to shine like a sun. First burn like a sun.A.P.J Abdul Kalam
There is great power in starting.Robin Sharma
Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is.Vince Lombardi
Man's main task in life is to give birth to himself.Erich Fromm
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know. Ernest Hemingway
The decadent international but individualistic capitalism in the hands of which we found ourselves after the war is not a success. It is not intelligent. It is not beautiful. It is not just. It is not virtuous. And it doesn't deliver the goods.John Maynard Keynes
I wanted to do something inspirational for my children.Harvey Weinstein
Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success.Bo Bennett
The more defects a man may have, the older he is, the less lovable, the more resounding his success.Marquis de Sade
Never destroy anyone in public when you can accomplish the same result in private.Harvey Specter
Success is the one unpardonable sin against our fellows.Ambrose Bierce
Simplicity is a great virtue but it requires hard work to achieve it and education to appreciate it. And to make matters worse: complexity sells better.Edsger W. Dijkstra
I have had all of the disadvantages required for success.Larry Ellison
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.Lolly Daskal
The culture of a workplace - an organization's values, norms and practices - has a huge impact on our happiness and success.Adam Grant
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed.Albert Einstein
I feel lucky because I was a nerd, which I talk about in the book, but I had academic success, so through that, because that's what my parents put a great deal of value on, I had a great childhood because I sort of fulfilled the expectations of being good at school.Mindy Kaling
I think that when we have a better educated society, when there is less violence in our cities, when people get back into the workforce and have the opportunity to take care of themselves and their families - that for me really is the kind of success and the kind of America that I think most of us still want, we aspire to.Michael Nutter
If you are still looking for that one person who will change your life, take a look in the mirror.Roman Price
Keep your feet on the ground, but let your heart soar as high as it will. Refuse to be average or to surrender to the chill of your spiritual environment.Arthur Helps
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.Stephen Covey
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.Coco Chanel
I love a lot of the New York bands, but Patti Smith stands out. I just read 'Just Kids' and it's an inspirational, well-written account of an emerging New York artist in the late seventies.James Iha
Earn your success based on service to others, not at the expense of others.H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.George S. Patton
Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Those who lose dreaming are lost.Australian Aboriginal saying
I come to win.Leo Durocher
In motivating people, you've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved.Rupert Murdoch
You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity.Thomas Wolfe
I wish that the Indians believed me a god, for upon the report of an enemy's valor oftentimes depends the success of a battle, and false reports have many times done as great things as true courage and resolution.Alexander the Great
Instead of this confusion, we need the unifying force of an official language, English, which is the language of success in America.Ernest Istook
Successful people breed success.Phil Crosby
I choose to make the rest of my life the best of my life.Louise Hay
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.Henry Ward Beecher
To construct an awesome life, build your daily life around your deepest priorities.Robin Sharma
The past does not equal the future.Anthony Robbins
A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success.Bo Bennett
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.Og Mandino
So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God.Smokey Robinson
What drives success, and the most successful students, is internal motivation.Vivienne Ming
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.Leo Buscaglia
Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way.Skylar Grey
A year from now you may wish you had started today.Karen Lamb
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.Victor Hugo
The beauty of truth: whether it is bad or good, it is liberating.Paulo Coelho
Choose something you like to do. I know it's a cliche, and you've heard it over and over. But the reason is, you're going to have to work long and hard to achieve any success. You better like it or life is going to be terrible.Bill Kurtis
George loves the T Rex because it's the noisiest and the scariest.Kate Middleton
Encouragement of higher education for our youth is critical to the success of our collective future.Charles B. Rangel
There are no traffic jams on the extra mile.Zig Ziglar
Every day of my life I walk with the idea that I am black, no matter how successful I am. And our success is tempered by that; you're successful in this way given the fact you are black, and most blacks don't get to that point.Danny Glover
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.William James
It’s so much darker when a light goes out than it would have been if it had never shone.John Steinbeck
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.Bob Feller
The government will see that human spaceflight is useful - for science and the economy - and inspirational.Helen Sharman
Don't do something permanently stupid when you're temporarily upset./u/joepamps
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.Lyndon B. Johnson
My goal in coming to General Motors was to help restore profitability, build a strong market position and position this iconic company for success. We are clearly on that path.Edward Whitacre, Jr.
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.John Wooden
Do not fear mistakes - there are none.Miles Davis
The decadent international but individualistic capitalism in the hands of which we found ourselves after the war is not a success. It is not intelligent. It is not beautiful. It is not just. It is not virtuous. And it doesn't deliver the goods.John Maynard Keynes
If we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.Ivan Turgenev
Be grateful for what you have and stop complaining - it bores everybody else, does you no good, and doesn't solve any problems.Zig Ziglar
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.Walt Disney
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.Coco Chanel
Either you run the day or the day runs you.Jim Rohn
The thing about growing up with Fred and George,is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.Ginny Weaseley- –Order of the Phoenix 
It's our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people.Carrot Top
Sudden success in golf is like the sudden acquisition of wealth. It is apt to unsettle and deteriorate the character.P. G. Wodehouse
You can't trust code that you did not totally create yourself.Ken Thompson
Fire tries gold, misfortune tries brave men.Seneca
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.Will Rogers
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.Winston Churchill
Good planning is important. I've also regarded a sense of humor as one of the most important things on a big expedition. When you're in a difficult or dangerous situation, or when you're depressed about the chances of success, someone who can make you laugh eases the tension.Edmund Hillary
Beside every great success are the seeds of enormous failure. In every failure, there's the opportunity seeds of great success. They're not miles apart. So if they're that close together, and if you're really working, you're always gonna have that likelihood that something's not going to work.Peter Guber
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.Elbert Hubbard
I wonder how many times people give up just before a breakthrough - when they are on the very brink of success.Joyce Meyer
Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice.Steve Jobs
Men succeed when they realize that their failures are the preparation for their victories.Ralph Waldo Emerson
I would say I'm an inspirational guidelines book. You can take my life story or scenarios or songs and relate to them and apply them to your everyday life.Chris Brown
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.W. Clement Stone
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday.John Wayne
If you want to achieve things in life, you've just got to do them, and if you're talented and smart, you'll succeed.Juliana Hatfield
Courage is knowing what not to fear.Plato
Do something you really like, and hopefully it pays the rent. As far as I'm concerned, that's success.Tom Petty
I have gone from being a 21-year-old with wide eyes to a 24-year-old woman. With success comes a lot of responsibility and power.Vanessa Carlton
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.William Arthur Ward
I grew up in a very spiritual home in a Liberty City neighborhood of Miami, FL. I was raised in the church, and my mother was a very inspirational person in my life.Robert Battle
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.John D. Rockefeller
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.Henry David Thoreau
If someone says 'grunge' or 'punk,' you know what the sound is, but if you say 'No Wave,' it's kind of mysterious. That was the most interesting part and should have been the most inspirational thing about it... here's this collective sonic insanity, and none of it sounds anything alike.Lydia Lunch
Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way.Skylar Grey
Success comes when people act together; failure tends to happen alone.Deepak Chopra
I am highly offended by the total lack of acknowledgement of my contribution to Laker success.Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were, but without it we go nowhere.Carl Sagan
It is not what he has, or even what he does which expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Eden PhillpottsThe universe is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
I'm not really easy to live with! There needs to be unlimited patience and unconditional love. Men I've known before loved my independent spirit and were proud of my success, to the point that they'd become jealous of the time I devote to my career.Milla Jovovich
To burn always with this hard, gem-like flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.Walter Pater
About the only problem with success is that it does not teach you how to deal with failure.Tommy Lasorda
I have more love, success, and security than I could ever dream of.George Michael
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.Winston Churchill
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.Seneca
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.Winston Churchill
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.Henry Kravis
As my family story shows, Latinos have been a blessing for USA for many generations. The future of America depends in part on the success of the Latino community, and this opportunity is just one more signifier of that.Julian Castro
There is always room at the top.Daniel Webster
I congratulate you, my brave countrymen and fellow soldiers, on the spirit and success with which you have executed this important part of our enterprise.James Wolfe
The battle of life is, in most cases, fought uphill; and to win it without a struggle were perhaps to win it without honor. If there were no difficulties there would be no success; if there were nothing to struggle for, there would be nothing to be achieved.Samuel Smiles
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.Carol Burnett
The success of the young entrepreneur will be the key to India's transformation in the new millennium.Dhirubhai Ambani
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.John Donne
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.Theodore Roosevelt
Lower the cost of failure.Unknown
Before you can become a millionaire, you must learn to think like one. You must learn how to motivate yourself to counter fear with courage. Making critical decisions about your career, business, investments and other resources conjures up fear, fear that is part of the process of becoming a financial success.Thomas J. Stanley
Do it now.Sometimes 'later' becomes 'never'. Anonymous
Live for yourself and you will live in vain; live for others, and you will live again.Bob Marley
Success isn't always going to be a huge contract; success is going to be if you just live out your purpose in life.Allan Houston
You can't sit around envying other people's worlds. You have to go out and change your own.Shinichi Chiaki ('Nodame Cantabile')
Life is like a sewer… what you get out of it depends on what you put into it.Tom Lehrer
The best way out is always through.Robert Frost
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle.Sasha Cohen
Of all things visible, the highest is the heaven of the fixed stars.Nicolaus Copernicus
With the success of a show, you get an opportunity to call attention to things that you believe in.Bradley Whitford
Be Brave. Take Risks. Nothing can substitute experience.Paulo Coelho
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.John Wooden
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success: Concentration, Discrimination, Organization, Innovation and Communication.Harold S. Geneen
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.Tony Robbins
Win a no win situation by rewriting the rules.Harvey Specter
I attribute my success to my mental approach to the game. I have always been a serious student of umpiring. I enjoy studying rules, situations, and positioning.Jim Evans
Much good work is lost for the lack of a little more.Edward H. Harriman
Well done is better than well said.Benjamin Franklin
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.Theodore N. Vail
Miracles are a retelling in small letters of the very same story which is written across the whole world in letters too large for some of us to see.C. S. Lewis
Hope is but the dream of those who wake.Matthew Prior
When I was young, I observed that nine out of 10 things I did were failures. So I did 10 times more work.George Bernard Shaw
Success? You can't get a big head about it. When people stare at me, they could be whispering to their friend, 'That guy sucks! Have you seen him before? He's horrible.'David Spade
People fall forward to success.Mary Kay Ash
Can't move mountains? Try small stones.Anonymous
Deserve your dream.Octavio Paz
The essential element of successful strategy is that it derives its success from the differences between competitors with a consequent difference in their behavior.Bruce Henderson
A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes.Mahatma Gandhi
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.Viktor Frankl
Being second is to be the first of the ones who lose.Ayrton Senna
There is no success without hardship.Sophocles
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.Mother Teresa
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.Joseph Campbell
Wake up early and tackle the day before it tackles you. Be on offense, not defense.Evan Carmichael
Always concentrate on how far you’ve come, rather than how far you have left to go.Unknown
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.Unknown
Don’t fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.Unknown
If you’re not making some notable mistakes along the way, you’re certainly not taking enough business and career chances.Sallie Krawcheck
Your habits are driving your performance. Your rituals are creating your results.Robin Sharma
One of the key elements of human behavior is, humans have a greater fear of loss than enjoyment of success. All the academic studies will show you that the fear of loss of capital is far greater than the enjoyment of gains.Laurence D. Fink
Good things happen to those who hustle.Anais Nin
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.Babe Ruth
I look up to a strong woman; maybe that's why I fell for Gaga. She works incredibly hard and is very strong and inspirational like Mom, with a great work ethic.Taylor Kinney
I wish that the Indians believed me a god, for upon the report of an enemy's valor oftentimes depends the success of a battle, and false reports have many times done as great things as true courage and resolution.Alexander the Great
In the United States there's a Puritan ethic and a mythology of success. He who is successful is good. In Latin countries, in Catholic countries, a successful person is a sinner.Umberto Eco
Problems or successes, they all are the results of our own actions. Karma. The philosophy of action is that no one else is the giver of peace or happiness. One's own karma, one's own actions are responsible to come to bring either happiness or success or whatever.Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
The key to success is action, and the essential in action is perseverance.Sun Yat-sen
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.Ralph Marston
Thelonious Monk was one of the musicians I most connected with early on. I'm a huge Betty Carter fan, and the way that Abbey Lincoln and Shirley Horn grew immensely from the time they were young is so inspirational.Cecile McLorin Salvant
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else upMark Twain
Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can do what others can't.Unknown
Traveling around the country, meeting fans and hearing their stories in person and on my radio show has reenergized my commitment to creating honest and inspirational content that not only serves my own creative purposes but can help and touch others as well.Nikki Sixx
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.Maya Angelou
Sometimes the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.Iroh
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.Stephen Covey
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.Unknown
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.Jon Kobat-Zinn
Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember--the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you.Zig Ziglar
Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand.Baruch Spinoza
Success belongs to the relentless learners. Because as you know more, you can achieve more.Robin Sharma
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.Wilma Rudolph
Had I not come out with an inspirational CD, you perhaps would have never known that I feel like I feel, that all songs, all the music I've ever done is a gift from God.Smokey Robinson
All suffering originates from craving, from attachment, from desire.Edgar Allan Poe
When you fail, you also learn how not to fail.Soichiro Honda
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.Maya Angelou
Success for me its to raise happy, healthy human beings.Kelly LeBrock
I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business.Kathy Ireland
Are your fears standing in the way of your biggest life?Robin Sharma
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.Arthur C. Clarke
Even if you run into a storm, there's always a way out, no matter how bleak things seem.Vyse
The good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it.Neil deGrasse Tyson
The power of imagination makes us infinite.John Muir
The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.Chuck Palahniuk
I'm always interested in finding ways to innovate... It's a blend; it's not a point focus.Paul Allen
We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don't take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn't count unless you earn it fair and square.Michelle Obama
Shatter all fears.Robin Sharma
The system that enables the most people to earn the most success is free enterprise, by matching up people's skills, interests, and abilities. In contrast, redistribution simply spreads money around. Even worse, it attenuates the ability to earn success by perverting economic incentives.Arthur C. Brooks
Commitment, belief and positive attitude are all important if you're going to be a success, whether you're in sports, in business or, as in my case, anthropology.Donald Johanson
When you repeat a mistake, it is not a mistake anymore: it is a decision.Paulo Coelho
The laboratory of a factory is the best place to learn about failure!Soichiro Honda
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live foreverMahatma Gandhi
The flow of Guiness into the studio was inspirational as well as nutritive.Carter Burwell
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future;it is something you design for the present.Jim Rohn
Numberless are the world's wonders, but none more wonderful than man.Sophocles
I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back.Maya Angelou
Success is the space one occupies in the newspaper. Success is one day's insolence.Elias Canetti
Forward, as occasion offers. Never look round to see whether any shall note it... Be satisfied with success in even the smallest matter, and think that even such a result is no trifle.Marcus Aurelius
I think that success is having fun.Bruno Mars
I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed.Nikos Kazantzakis
Be better than you were yesterday.Unknown
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
I never assumed I would have that commercial success, so it was a total surprise. And honestly, I never assumed that it would ever happen again.Tracy Chapman
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.Robert Kiyosaki
Those who cannot work with their hearts achieve but a hollow, half-hearted success that breeds bitterness all around.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
If you don't prioritize your life, someone else will.Greg McKeown
People grow when they are loved well. If you want to help others heal, love them without an agenda.Mike McHargue
To be an artist is to believe in life.Henry Moore
Success is due to our stretching to the challenges of life. Failure comes when we shrink from them.John C. Maxwell
Never complain and never explain.Benjamin Disraeli
Most success springs from an obstacle or failure. I became a cartoonist largely because I failed in my goal of becoming a successful executive.Scott Adams
Silent pictures show us how we lived and what our attitudes were. And as an art form, they can be wonderfully entertaining and often inspirational.Kevin Brownlow
Success is little more than a chemical compound of man with moment.Philip Guedalla
Perseverance - a lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success.Ambrose Bierce
Moments, moments, that is what life is all about.Lourdes Cortes Garcia
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the restMark Twain
Success depends almost entirely on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.Jack Nicklaus
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.Unknown
Possessed with a full confidence of the certain success which British valor must gain over such enemies, I have led you up these steep and dangerous rocks, only solicitous to show you the foe within your reach.James Wolfe
I can and I will. Watch me.Anonymous
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.Shah Rukh Khan
The greatest achievement was at first, and for a time, but a dream.Napoleon Hill
There are people out there who hate me and who say I'm arrogant, vain, and whatever. That's all part of my success. I am made to be the best.Cristiano Ronaldo
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value.Hermann Hesse
I wanted to do something inspirational for my children.Harvey Weinstein
I think being directed and mentored by someone as inspirational as Paul Feig not only improves my performance but, as a whole, makes it what it is.Nargis Fakhri
There are glimpses of heaven to us in every act, or thought, or word, that raises us above ourselves.Robert Quillen
Entrepreneurs are great at dealing with uncertainty and also very good at minimizing risk. That’s the classic entrepreneur.Mohnish Pabrai
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it nowPaulo Coelho
To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist.Schumann
If you put your mind to it, you can accomplish anything.Marty McFly
Success has always been easy to measure. It is the distance between one's origins and one's final achievement.Michael Korda
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading; but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.Pablo Neruda
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.Tony Robbins
It always seems impossible until it's done.Nelson Mandela
Action is the foundational key to all success.Pablo Picasso
The only way to learn it is to do it.Archimedes, "Sword in the Stone"
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.Thomas Jefferson
Whether a party can have much success without a woman present I must ask others to decide, but one thing is certain, no party is any fun unless seasoned with folly.Desiderius Erasmus
Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow - after you have done your best to achieve success today.Maxwell Maltz
I must admit that I personally measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to her or his fellow human beings.Margaret Mead
Benazir Bhutto was an inspirational leader and an inspirational woman.Malala Yousafzai
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.Ben Okri
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.St. Jerome
Study yesterday, live today and believe in tomorrow.Anonymous
Opportunities don't happen. You create them.Chris Grosser
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?Fulton J. Sheen
Three passions, simply but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life:  the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and the unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.Bertrand Russell
Your results are dependent on your devotion.Robin Sharma
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.Rumi
We crave instant success these days. If you are a really good sprinter and long jumper, you don't want to spend two or three years on a whole new set of events. You're used to doing well and it's difficult to give that up.Daley Thompson
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.Bob Dylan
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.Zig Ziglar
What were once only hopes for the future have now come to pass; it is almost exactly 13 years since the overwhelming majority of people in Ireland and Northern Ireland voted in favour of the agreement signed on Good Friday 1998, paving the way for Northern Ireland to become the exciting and inspirational place that it is today.Queen Elizabeth II
A constant struggle, a ceaseless battle to bring success from inhospitable surroundings, is the price of all great achievements.Orison Swett Marden
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anythingMark Twain
One of the hardest decisions you'll ever make in life is choosing whether to walk away or try harder.Ziad K. Abdelnour
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings.Lao Tzu
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.Roy T. Bennett
When one door is closed, don't you know, another is open.Bob Marley
If I didn't start painting, I would have raised chickensWilliam Lyon Phelps
I don't think 'Cocktail' was a perfect critical success, but it touched a vein in our culture.Elisabeth Shue
It is never too late to be what you might have been.George Eliot
It's good to test yourself and develop your talents and ambitions as fully as you can and achieve greater success; but I think success is the feeling you get from a job well done, and the key thing is to do the work.Peter Thiel
There's no escalators - there's only staircases to success. There is no substitute for hard work.Lilly Singh
The impossible often has a kind of integrity which the merely improbable lacks.Douglas Adams
Our subliminal mental processes operate outside awareness because they arise in these portions of our mind that are inaccessible to our conscious self; their inaccessibility is due to the architecture of the brain rather than because they have been subject to Freudian motivational forces like repression.Leonard Mlodinow
The past is really almost as much a work of the imagination as the futureJessamyn West
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.Buddha
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.Stephen Hawking
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
The secrets of success are a good wife and a steady job. My wife told me.Howard Nemerov
You never know what motivates you.Cicely Tyson
Your ‘I Can’ is more important than your IQ.Robin Sharma
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.Sam Levenson
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.Vaibhav Shah
I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart.Pope John XXIII
Deacon Jones has been the most inspirational person in my football career.Jack Youngblood
Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close.John Ruskin
I believe that any type of education can be great, but an education about ourselves can create something wonderful. I am a comedian, but people have called me a motivational speaker. I don't really consider myself that at all.Andy Andrews
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.John W. Gardner
It's not just the 'Grammys' that I've pulled out of. I also pulled out of the English awards as well. The reason that I wanted to pull out was because I believe very much that the music industry as a whole is mainly concerned with material success.Alanis Morissette
It's always too early to quit.Norman Vincent Peale
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.Walt Whitman
'Tis pleasant, sure, to see one's name in print. A book's a book, although there's nothing in 't.Lord Byron
Leadership means that a group, large or small, is willing to entrust authority to a person who has shown judgment, wisdom, personal appeal, and proven competence.Walt Disney
The measure of success is happiness and peace of mind.Bobby Davro
Success and failure are equally disastrous.Tennessee Williams
Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Don’t fight them. Just find a new way to stand.Oprah Winfrey
The whole secret of existence is to have no fear, Never fear that will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you freed.Swami Vivekananda
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path.Khalil Gibran
You can’t win if you don’t try.Robin Sharma
We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.Dr. Henry Link
My childhood, adolescence and high school days are unusually important. If there has ever been a time that I developed a uniqueness and sense of humor and the ability to organize, it was then. In those early days, I developed the skills that gave me a certain degree of success in American politics.Lee Atwater
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovationsSteve Jobs
Success comes when people act together; failure tends to happen alone.Deepak Chopra
I am never without my lyric book. If anything inspirational happens, I have it there so nothing's forgotten.Gabrielle Aplin
What You Lack In Talent Can Be Made Up With Desire, Hustle And Giving 110% All The Time.Don Zimmer
The things that we love tell us what we are.Thomas Aquinas
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.John Wooden
After a lifetime of working, raising families, and contributing to the success of this nation in countless other ways, senior citizens deserve to retire with dignity.Charlie Gonzalez
If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough.Oprah Winfrey
For marriage to be a success, every woman and every man should have her and his own bathroom. The end.Catherine Zeta-Jones
Wherever you are - be all there.Jim Elliot
Success in any endeavor depends on the degree to which it is an expression of your true self.Ralph Marston
I always say be humble but be firm. Humility and openness are the key to success without compromising your beliefs.George Hickenlooper
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.Dalai Lama
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now.Paulo Coelho
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.Leo Buscaglia
... because all things have contributed to your advancement, you should include all things in your gratitude.Wallace D. Wattles
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.Albert Einstein
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.Mark Twain
Always desire to learn something useful.Sophocles
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.Winston Churchill
Don’t ever let somebody tell you you can’t do something, not even me. Alright? You dream, you gotta protect it. People can’t do something themselves, they wanna tell you you can’t do it. If you want something, go get it. Period.Chris Gardner, from The Pursuit of Happyness
You were designed for accomplishment, engineered for success, and endowed with the seeds of greatness.Zig Ziglar
From small beginnings come great things.Proverb
There are people who can achieve huge success in life, while adding a bit of fun and a splash of colour to this increasingly grey world.Peter James
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.Dean Acheson
Please, no matter how we advance technologically, please don't abandon the book. There is nothing in our material world more beautiful than the book.Patti Smith
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.Jim Rohn
A man should be able to hear, and to bear, the worst that could be said of him.Saul Bellow
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.Jim Rohn
Commitment in the face of conflict produces character.Unknown
Life is a progress, and not a station.Ralph Waldo Emerson
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are strong at the broken places.Ernest Hemingway
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.Epictetus
When I do this, some people think that it's because I want my ego to be fed, right? Of course, I'm not asking you to call it 'Stallmanix'!Richard Stallman
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.Confucius
Our heritage and ideals, our code and standards - the things we live by and teach our children - are preserved or diminished by how freely we exchange ideas and feelings.Walt Disney
Security Is Mostly A Superstition. Life Is Either A Daring Adventure Or Nothing.Helen Keller
Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass!Paul J. Meyer
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.Babe Ruth
Our time here is magic! It's the only space you have to realize whatever it is that is beautiful, whatever is true, whatever is great, whatever is potential, whatever is rare, whatever is unique, in. It's the only space.Ben Okri
My career started young and I was really ambitious, and then I had success and I hung out with people who were much older. I think I might have been temporally misplaced, so I thought I was 40. It was a premature midlife crisis.Elizabeth Gilbert
To be prepared is half the victory.Miguel de Cervantes
The keys to brand success are self-definition, transparency, authenticity and accountability.Simon Mainwaring
You have survived every single bad day so farUnknown
We May Encounter Many Defeats But We Must Not Be Defeated.Maya Angelou
The three ordinary things that we often don't pay enough attention to, but which I believe are the drivers of all success, are hard work, perseverance, and basic honesty.Azim Premji
Do the scary thing first, and get scared later.Lemony Snicket
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.Bernard Williams
To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.Nelson Mandela
If you don’t know where you are going, you might wind up someplace else.Yogi Berra
When I meet with the founders of a new company, my advice is almost always, 'Do fewer things.' It's true of partnerships, marketing opportunities, anything that's taking up your time. The vast majority of things are distractions, and very few really matter to your success.Evan Williams
Whether you come from a council estate or a country estate, your success will be determined by your own confidence and fortitude.Michelle Obama
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.Pablo Picasso
When all the original blues guys are gone, you start to realize that someone has to tend to the tradition. I recognize that I have some responsibility to keep the music alive, and it’s a pretty honorable position to be in.Eric Clapton
Know or listen to those who know.Baltasar Gracian
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.Henry Ford
The fears we don’t face become our limits.Robin Sharma
If you do politics the right way, I believe, you can actually make people’s lives better. And integrity is the minimum ante to get into the game.Joe Biden
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.Albert Einstein
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.Richard Bach
Failure is the spice that gives success its tasteTruman Capote
Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined.Johnny Carson
I'm a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.Thomas Jefferson
The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success?Larry Flynt
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.Babe Ruth
I have seen many storms in my life. Most storms have caught me by surprise, so I had to learn very quickly to look further and understand that I am not capable of controlling the weather, to exercise the art of patience and to respect the fury of nature.Paulo Coelho
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.Mary Pickford
Don't think, just do.Horace
To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals–this alone is worth the struggle.William Penn
Look in the MIRROR...
That's your COMPETITION.Unknown
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.AnaÃ¯s Nin
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.Henry Norris Russell
A man’s errors are his portals of discovery.James Joyce
The time you spend hating on someone robs you of your own time. You are literally hating on yourself and you don't even realize it.Joe Rogan
Success is not greedy, as people think, but insignificant. That is why it satisfies nobody.Lucius Annaeus Seneca
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.Elon Musk
We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.The Goblet of Fire
You take all the things that frighten you, and when you can get them to work for you all of sudden people are calling you a success.Randy Bachman
Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow - after you have done your best to achieve success today.Maxwell Maltz
Most people give up just when they're about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown.Ross Perot
Help young people. Help small guys. Because small guys will be big. Young people will have the seeds you bury in their minds, and when they grow up, they will change the world.Jack Ma
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.Jim Rohn
Luck is what you have left over after you give 100 percent.Langston Coleman
People are the key to success or extraordinary success.Azim Premji
One of the hardest decision you'll ever face in life is choosing whether to walk away or try harder.Ziad K. Abdelnour
Success is the sum of details.Harvey S. Firestone
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.Phillips Brooks
Fun opens the doors to creativity, which then leads to inspiration, which then births passion, which all together equals both happiness and success!Rachele Brooke Smith
I have no time for those who say there is no way Scotland could go it alone. I know first-hand the contribution Scotland and Scots make to Britain's success - so for me there's no question about whether Scotland could be an independent nation.David Cameron
Success consists in being successful, not in having potential for success. Any wide piece of ground is the potential site of a palace, but there's no palace till it's built.Fernando Pessoa
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?Eliza Dushku
In the United States, I am a great success, but I am not a celebrity.Paulo Coelho
If something stands between you and your success, move it. Never be denied.Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, professional wrestler and actor
A question that sometimes drives me hazy: am I or are the others crazy?Albert Einstein
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.Emile Zola
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.Helen Keller
Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer serves you, grows you, or makes you happy.Robert Tew
Look at a football field. It looks like a big movie screen. This is theatre. Football combines the strategy of chess. It's part ballet. It's part battleground, part playground. We clarify, amplify and glorify the game with our footage, the narration and that music, and in the end create an inspirational piece of footage.Steve Sabol
After I won the Oscar, my salary doubled, my friends tripled, my children became more popular at school, my butcher made a pass at me, and my maid hit me up for a raise.Shirley Jones
It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them.George Eliot
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.John F. Kennedy
Sometimes I think we're alone in the universe, and sometimes I think we're not. In either case the idea is quite staggering.Arthur C. Clarke
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure.Zig Ziglar
Life brings simple pleasures to us every day. It is up to us to make them wonderful memories.Cathy Allen
I don't want to be married to someone who feels inferior to my success or because I make more money than he does.Grace Kelly
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.Roy T. Bennett
To double your net worth, double your self-worth. Because you will never exceed the height of your self-image.Robin Sharma
Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats.Og Mandino
Those who cannot work with their hearts achieve but a hollow, half-hearted success that breeds bitterness all around.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Just because you took longer than others, doesn’t mean you failed.Unknown
Every man's life is a fairy tale written by God's fingers.Hans Christian Andersen
If you feel yourself hitting up against your limit, remember for what cause you clench your fists.
Remember why you started down this path, and let that memory carry you beyond your limit.All Might ('My Hero Academia')
Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours.Orison Swett Marden
The trouble is you think you have time.Buddha
The biggest risk is not taking any risk... In a world that changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.Mark Zuckerberg
It's okay to have a bad dayUnknown
The real secret of success is enthusiasm.Walter Chrysler
Spend more time smiling than frowning and more time praising than criticizing.Richard Branson
Success comes to those who dedicate everything to their passion in life. To be successful, it is also very important to be humble and never let fame or money travel to your head.A. R. Rahman
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.Oprah Winfrey
Success is not in never failing, but rising everytime you fall!Jonathan Taylor Thomas
If people are not laughing at your goals, your goals are too smallAsim Premji
The real success in golf lies in turning three shots into two.Bobby Locke
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.Oscar Wilde
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.Aldous Huxley
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture.Lydia M. Child
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible.Arthur C. Clarke
I’d rather attempt to do something great and fail, than to attempt nothing and succeed.Robert H. Schuller
There is just a lot of creativity and theatricality in performers who happen to be gay. Maybe there's a success in numbers, so by the law of averages we are going to get these jobs.Neil Patrick Harris
Once you agree upon the price you and your family must pay for success, it enables you to ignore the minor hurts, the opponent's pressure, and the temporary failures.Vince Lombardi
Well, the idea is that failure is an inevitable partner on the road to success and, if you're not willing to confront failure, you can never find out how good you are.Peter Guber
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.Unknown
To me, the Seventies were very inspirational and very influential... With my whole persona as Snoop Dogg, as a person, as a rapper. I just love the Seventies style, the way all the players dressed nice, you know, kept their hair looking good, drove sharp cars and they talked real slick.Snoop Dogg
I've a great family, two children to take care of. Then, of course, I do commentary for TV. I do speak about various women's issues around the world - like LGBT, motivational speeches. I have a lot on my plate right now. But eventually, yes, I would like to pass on the knowledge and something that I would like to do.Martina Navratilova
Ambition is the path to success, persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.William Eardley IV
There is no law except the law that there is no law.John Archibald Wheeler
You've got two legs and a heartbeat. What's stopping you?Inuyasha ('Inuyasha')
... because all things have contributed to your advancement, you should include all things in your gratitude.Wallace D. Wattles
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.Augustus Hare
The Patriot Act is essential to our continued success in the war on terror here at home.Mike Pence
What we think, we become.Buddha
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.Theodore Roosevelt
Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.Mike Ditka
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.Napoleon Bonaparte
When you see a person without a smile, give them one of yours.Zig Ziglar
Don't let small minds convince you that your dreams are too big.Unknown
I realized a long time ago that instead of being jealous you can be inspired and appreciative. It carries more energy to you. That can be an awesome and motivating force that can improve your life if you choose to be inspired and not jealous. One has no benefit whatsoever, the other is an incredible resource for creating momentum and improvement.Joe Rogan
Do or do not. There is no try. Yoda
It always seems impossible until it is done.Nelson Mandela
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.Confucius
The victor belongs to the spoils.F. Scott Fitzgerald
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?Eliza Dushku
The beautiful thing about today is that you get the choice to make it better than yesterday.Robin Sharma
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.Bob Feller
You change your life by changing your heart.Max Lucado
Every song you're trying to find something that going to connect in different ways but for me the songs that I'm really drawn to are inspirational, songs that lift you and that everybody can relate to no matter where you're from.Rodney Atkins
Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success.James Dyson
You have brains in your head and feet in your shoes, you can steer yourself in any direction you choose.Dr. Seuss
Worrying is stupid. It's like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it to rain.Wiz Khalifa
You are not weak just because your heart feels so heavy.Andrea Gibson
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.Alice Walker
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time.Steve Jobs
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.Winston Churchill
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.Henry David Thoreau
Except for the giants of history, most of us leave behind footprints in the sands of time. Collectively though, what we leave behind in institutions remains greater than all our individual contributions put together.Jayantha Dhanapala
Humor is mankind's greatest blessingMark Twain
Success comes in waves.Guy Pearce
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.Bruce Lee
Isn't it amazing how much stuff we get done the day before vacation?Zig Ziglar
I like motivational books, because I like the go-getting American spirit - your destiny is in your own hands, life is what you make it, don't accept your limitations, jump before you're pushed, leap before you look.Louise Mensch
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts.Sylvester Stallone
I think being in love with life is a key to eternal youth.Doug Hutchison
In this great future, you can’t forget your past.Bob Marley
Success is little more than a chemical compound of man with moment.Philip Guedalla
I would like to wish the England squad every success. I would also very much like to extend those wishes to Martin Johnson, Brian Smith, Mike Ford, John Wells, Graham Rowntree and the rest of the England 2011 World Cup management team who have been fantastic and deserve people to know that.Jonny Wilkinson
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have.Zig Ziglar
I pay no attention whatever to anybody's praise or blame, I simply follow my own feelings.Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
The guy who takes a chance, who walks the line between the known and unknown, who is unafraid of failure, will succeed.Gordon Parks
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.Thomas J. Watson
The most important investment you can make is in yourself.Warren Buffett
It always seems impossible until it's done.Nelson Mandela
Wishes don't bring riches; work make things work.Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha
I’ve failed over and over and over again. And that is why I succeed.Michael Jordan
No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure.Napoleon Hill
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.Bruce Lee
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.John Cage
I've had great success being a total idiot.Jerry Lewis
Almost every college playwright or sketch or improv comedian was sort of aware of Christopher Durang - even kids in high school. His short plays were so accessible to younger people and I think that was inspirational to me.Mindy Kaling
We are all human, aren’t we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.Kingsley Shacklebolt, The Deathly Hallows
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.Elbert Hubbard
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.Dale Carnegie
Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves.Charlotte Bronte
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it.Oprah Winfrey
You have survived every single bad day so farUnknown
When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around.Willie Nelson
You were born awesome.Robin Sharma
Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans.John Lennon
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.Lance Armstrong
I always envisioned myself being a rapper and being in the game and having success, but you never know what it feels like or how you're going to be when you're there.Wiz Khalifa
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.Elbert Hubbard
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!Doug Larson
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.Unknown
We've been surrounded by images of space our whole lives, from the speculative images of science fiction to the inspirational visions of artists to the increasingly beautiful pictures made possible by complex technologies. But whilst we have an overwhelmingly vivid visual understanding of space, we have no sense of what space sounds like.Honor Harger
Honesty is the cornerstone of all success, without which confidence and ability to perform shall cease to exist.Mary Kay Ash
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing.Seneca
Sometimes all the players get a bad hand. You just have to be determined enough to see the game through.Dean Wilson
Don't let perfection become procrastination. Do it now.Danielle LaPorte
The battle of life is, in most cases, fought uphill; and to win it without a struggle were perhaps to win it without honor. If there were no difficulties there would be no success; if there were nothing to struggle for, there would be nothing to be achieved.Samuel Smiles
People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be.Scudder N. Parker
I do not like to repeat successes, I like to go on to other things.Walt Disney
Within the hearts men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success.Bryant H. McGill
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.Socrates
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.Napoleon Bonaparte
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.Einstein
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.Unknown
Possessed with a full confidence of the certain success which British valor must gain over such enemies, I have led you up these steep and dangerous rocks, only solicitous to show you the foe within your reach.James Wolfe
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.Walt Disney
Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcendedA.P.J. Abdul Kalam
Many people will try to Sell you a Dream, its Your place to let them know you Already have oneKalon Jackson
If I had permitted my failures, or what seemed to me at the time a lack of success, to discourage me I cannot see any way in which I would ever have made progress.Calvin Coolidge
If you live long enough, you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you'll be a better person. It's how you handle adversity, not how it affects you. The main thing is never quit, never quit, never quit.Bill Clinton
Excuse me, I don't like people just because they're handsome!The Goblet of Fire
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.Lucius Annaeus Seneca
'Do What You Gotta Do' is a positive, inspirational song that says no matter what it is; whether you're up against challenges or trying to get your dreams and aspirations met, you should do what whatever you have to do shy of killing yourself or someone else.Angie Stone
Today we fight each other. Tomorrow, we may fight together.Braum (League Of Legends)
Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.Oliver Goldsmith
You'll never convince me there is a hopeless situation or there is any finality in any success or any failure.Carlos Ghosn
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.Unknown
Success isn't about how much money you make. It's about the difference you make in people's lives.Michelle Obama
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.John D. Rockefeller
The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other.Mark Hopkins
Post-operatively the transplanted kidney functioned immediately with a dramatic improvement in the patient's renal and cardiopulmonary status. This spectacular success was a clear demonstration that organ transplantation could be life-saving.Joseph Murray
My dad told me, 'It takes fifteen years to be an overnight success', and it took me seventeen and a half years.Adrien Brody
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.Terry Pratchett
None of us really changes over time. We only become more fully what we are.Anne Rice
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.John Wooden
The road to success is always under construction.Lily Tomlin
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.Michael Jackson
We fall forward to succeed.Mary Kay Ash
Sometimes we have to go deep inside ourselves to solve our problems.Patrick Star
Many individuals are doing what they can. But real success can only come if there is a change in our societies and in our economics and in our politics.David Attenborough
The beautiful thing about fear is, when you run to it, it runs away.Robin Sharma
Inspiration does exist but it must find you working.Pablo Picasso
Many people will try to Sell you a Dream, its Your place to let them know you Already have oneKalon Jackson
Like the United Nations, there is something inspirational about New York as a great melting pot of different cultures and traditions. And if this is the city that never sleeps, the United Nations works tirelessly, around the clock around the world.Ban Ki-moon
My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success.Isaac Newton
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.Pope John XXIII
We Generate Fears While We Sit. We Overcome Them By Action.Dr. Henry Link
It is the combination of reasonable talent and the ability to keep going in the face of defeat that leads to success.Martin Seligman
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.Paulo Coelho
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.” Dumbledore–Chamber of Secrets 
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.Aristotle Onassis
Take care of yourself, kid. Cause someone really cares about you.Sans (Undertale)
To get down to the quick of it, respect motivates me - not success.Hugh Jackman
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.Ralph Nader
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.Steve Jobs
We are here to make another world.W. Edwards Deming
If you havent found it yet, keep looking. Dont settle. As with all matters of the heart, youll know when you find it. Steve Jobs
Miracles are a retelling in small letters of the very same story which is written across the whole world in letters too large for some of us to see.C. S. Lewis
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it.” Dumbledore–The Goblet of Fire
When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and you argue about what to do about it only after you have had your technical success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.J. Robert Oppenheimer
You grow up a bit damaged or broken then you have some success but you don't know how to feel good about the work you're doing or the life you're leading.Johnny Depp
I used to make up stuff in my bio all the time, that I used to be a professional ice-skater and stuff like that. I found it so inspirational. Why not make myself cooler than I am?Stephen Colbert
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don’t really matter. Francis Chan
I knew, regardless of anything else, singing in front of an orchestra was going to be inspirational. It would feed me.George Michael
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle.Steve Jobs
Think Thousand times before taking a decision But -After taking decision never turn back even if you get Thousand difficulties!Adolf Hitler
You needn’t be defined by your past. And certainly, your future does not have to look like your past, unless you allow it to.The Minimalists
Launch and learn. Everything is progress.Danielle LaPorte
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.Helen Keller
Make sure you visualize what you really want, not what someone else wants for you.Jerry Gillies
Your goals don't care how you feel.Unknown
From success you get a lot of things, but not that great inside thing that love brings you.Samuel Goldwyn
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.Conrad Hilton
Raising children is an uncertain thing; success is reached only after a life of battle and worry.Democritus
The wise does at once what the fool does at last.Baltasar Gracian
You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.Walt Disney
Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.Ferris, from Ferris Bueller’s Day Off
Believe in your dreams and dream big. And then after you’ve done that, dream bigger.Howard Schultz, CEO Starbucks
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?Robert H. Schuller
When in doubt, tell the truthMark Twain
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.John D. Rockefeller
Therefore, if one were to consider that there was virtually no possibility of success through the US-Japan negotiations, the military and economic pressures would only force Japan into further crisis if time were allowed to pass in vain.Hideki Tojo
The brain is a muscle that can move the world.Stephen King
Check your ego at the door. The ego can be the great success inhibitor. It can kill opportunities, and it can kill success.Dwayne Johnson
Success breeds success, and failure leads to a sort of fallow period.Felicity Kendal
The trouble is you think you have time.Buddha
Greatness is so often a courteous synonym for great success.Philip Guedalla
The smallest of actions is always better than the noblest of intentions.Robin Sharma
If you can’t outplay them, outwork them.Bo Hogan
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success.David Sarnoff
Once you understand what excellence is all about... you see how excellence manifests itself in any discipline.Joe Rogan
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.Eleanor Roosevelt
Beside every great success are the seeds of enormous failure. In every failure, there's the opportunity seeds of great success. They're not miles apart. So if they're that close together, and if you're really working, you're always gonna have that likelihood that something's not going to work.Peter Guber
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.Walter Elliot
The most important thing is being passionate about what you're doing and always give it your all. That is the key to success.Charlie White
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.Ernest Hemingway
Never mind what others do; do better than yourself, beat your own record from day to day, and you are a success.William J. H. Boetcker
This too shall pass.Anonymous
Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined.Johnny Carson
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.Niccolo Machiavelli
It's harder to be a success, globally, and be artistic. Harder to have that balance than just to be artistic when nobody understands you.Andre Benjamin
It is not the length of life, but depth of life. Jim Rohn
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.Shiv Khera
Education is not the filling of the pail, but, the lighting of the fire.William Butler Yeats
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.William Butler Yeats
Focus on being superb at what you do and, over time you will be known as remarkable.Robin Sharma
You don't manage people; you manage things. You lead people.Grace Hopper
Had I not come out with an inspirational CD, you perhaps would have never known that I feel like I feel, that all songs, all the music I've ever done is a gift from God.Smokey Robinson
Let us realize that: the privilege to work is a gift, the power to work is a blessing, the love of work is success!David O. McKay
Be passionate and bold. Always keep learning. You stop doing useful things if you don't learn. So the last part to me is the key, especially if you have had some initial success. It becomes even more critical that you have the learning 'bit' always switched on.Satya Nadella
A tragic irony of life is that we so often achieve success or financial independence after the chief reason for which we sought it has passed away.Ellen Glasgow
Care and diligence bring luck.Proverb
You can do anything you put your mind to. 
You shouldn't have to second-guess your every move just because of one little mistake.
You have the same abilities you've always had.Metabee ('Medabots')
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.Zig Ziglar
Never give in and never give up.Hubert H. Humphrey
Charlotte A. Cavatica
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.Oscar Wilde
If you can't do something, then don't.
Focus on what you can do.Shiroe ('Log Horizon')
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.Eleanor Roosevelt
Anybody who succeeds is helping people. The secret to success is find a need and fill it; find a hurt and heal it; find a problem and solve it.Robert H. Schuller
I'm lucky to be part of a team who help to make me look good, and they deserve as much of the credit for my success as I do for the hard work we have all put in on the training ground.Lionel Messi
The person who makes a success of living is the one who sees his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly.Cecil B. DeMille
Super-ambitious goals tend to be unifying and energizing to people; but only if they believe there's a chance of success.Peter Diamandis
I sort of understood that when I first started: that you shouldn't repeat a success. Very often you're going to, and maybe the first time you do, it works. And you love it. But then you're trapped.Jack Nicholson
Don't worry if people don't like you. Most people are struggling to like themselves.Unknown
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.Stephen King
Enlightenment must come little by little - otherwise it would overwhelm.Idries Shah
I Don’t take rest after your first victory because if you fail in second, more lips are waiting to say that your first victory was just luck.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
Be the reason someone smiles today.Anonymous
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right.Unknown
If programmers deserve to be rewarded for creating innovative programs, by the same token they deserve to be punished if they restrict the use of these programs.Richard Stallman
The biggest risk is not taking any risk... In a world that changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.Mark Zuckerberg
Work for that feeling that you have accomplished something... Don't waste your time on this earth without making a mark.Joe Rogan
Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.Arnold Palmer
I think being directed and mentored by someone as inspirational as Paul Feig not only improves my performance but, as a whole, makes it what it is.Nargis Fakhri
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.Albert Einstein
I did an A Level in Theatre Studies and had a really inspirational teacher, and then I just went on to university.Jessica Raine
The Only Limit To Our Realization Of Tomorrow Will Be Our Doubts Of Today.Franklin D. Roosevelt
A good compromise is one where everybody makes a contribution.Angela Merkel
It is not our abilities that show what we truly are. It is our choices. Dumbledore, from Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.William Shakespeare
It's never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you're proud of, And if you find that you're not, I hope you have the strength to start over.F. Scott Fitzgerald
The more we do the more we can do.William Hazlitt
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I'm always asked, 'What's the secret to success?' But there are no secrets. Be humble. Be hungry. And always be the hardest worker in the room.Dwayne Johnson
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.Swami Sivananda
Good things happen to those who hustle.Anais Nin
Success is going from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.Winston Churchill
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.Herman Melville
My first book was called, 'Mountain, Get Out of My Way,' where I did an autobiographical sketch, if you will, looking back at myself and looking back at things in my life, and juxtaposing them against things that are happening in other people's lives and trying to be motivational.Montel Williams
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.Plato
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.Dale Carnegie
You weren't born just to live a life and to die; you were born to accomplish something specifically. Matter of fact, success is making it to the end of your purpose; that is success... Success is not just existing. Success is making it to the end of why you were born.Myles Munroe
Success - it's what you do with what you've got.Woody Hayes
You don't play for the crowd, you play for the country.M.S. Dhoni
I am fully aware that everybody has a right to succeed, and success should be with ethics.Sharad Pawar
The real end winner of NAFTA is going to be Mexico because we have the human capital. We have that resource that is vital to the success of the U.S. economy.Vicente Fox
The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.Christopher McCandless
I don't think about financial success as the measurement of my success.Christie Hefner
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.Bo Jackson
If you find something very difficult to achieve yourself, don't imagine it impossible-for anything possible and proper for another person can be achieved as easily by you.Marcus Aurelius
That brain of mine is something more than merely mortal, as time will show.Ada Lovelace
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good. Harry Potter–The Prisoner of Azkaban
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.Lao Tzu
I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat.Roes Kennedy
If you wish to be a success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing.Napoleon Bonaparte
Success listens only to applause. To all else it is deaf.Elias Canetti
I'm a motivational speaker.Young Jeezy
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.Vidal Sassoon
Obsessed is a word that the lazy use to describe the dedicated. Unknown
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.Winston Churchill
People should pursue what they're passionate about. That will make them happier than pretty much anything else.Elon Musk
A place for everything, everything in its place.Benjamin Franklin
Talk to yourself once in a day, otherwise you may miss meeting an excellent person in this world.Swami Vivekananda
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.Peace Pilgrim
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.Viktor Frankl
A government for the people must depend for its success on the intelligence, the morality, the justice, and the interest of the people themselves.Grover Cleveland
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths.Arnold Schwarzenegger
In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd.Miguel de Cervantes
Being happy is of the utmost importance. Success in anything is through happiness.Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
The only true measure of success is the ratio between what we might have done and what we might have been on the one hand, and the thing we have made and the things we have made of ourselves on the other.H. G. Wells
A place for everything, everything in its place.Benjamin Franklin
The keys to brand success are self-definition, transparency, authenticity and accountability.Simon Mainwaring
Creativity Is Intelligence Having Fun.Albert Einstein
You are beautiful because you let yourself feel, and that is a brave thing indeed.Shinji Moon
Wealth isn’t the same thing as intelligence.Larry Ellison
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.Walt Whitman
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.Christopher Morley
Excellence is a continuous process and not an accident.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.Tony Robbins
Once your mind stretches to a new level it never goes back to its original dimension.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
Hip-hop is more about attaining wealth. People respect success. They respect big. They don't even have to like your music. If you're big enough, people are drawn to you.Jay-Z
Do, or do not. There is no 'try'.Yoda, From The Empire Strikes Back
You are loved just for being who you are, just for existing. You don't have to do anything to earn it. Your shortcomings, your lack of self-esteem, physical perfection, or social and economic success - none of that matters. No one can take this love away from you, and it will always be here.Ram Dass
The act of discovering  who we are will force us to accept that we can go further than we think.Paulo Coelho
Like all explorers, we are drawn to discover what's out there without knowing yet if we have the courage to face it.Pema Chodron
At his best, man is the noblest of all animals; separated from law and justice he is the worst.Aristotle
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.Dale Carnegie
Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for.Oliver James
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success.George Herman
An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world.George Santayana
As my father used to tell me, the only true sign of success in life is being able to do for a living that which makes you happy.Al Yankovic
Don't let your sorrow come higher than your knees.Swedish Proverb
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.Helen Keller
If you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.Will Rogers
Once a year, go some place you've never been before.Dalai Lama
Despite the success cult, men are most deeply moved not by the reaching of the goal but by the grandness of the effort involved in getting there - or failing to get there.Max Lerner
Be realistic, demand the impossible!Che Guevara
The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else’s highlight reel.Steve Furtick
Success - it's what you do with what you've got.Woody Hayes
If you don't give up, you still have a chance.Jack Ma
Happiness is not something readymade.  It comes from your own actions.Dalai Lama
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now  Paulo Coelho
Each day provides its own gifts.Marcus Aurelius
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.Victor Kiam
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.Ayn Rand
A friend of mine said something powerful at his grandfather's funeral. He said that the greatest lesson from his grandfather's life was that he died empty, because he accomplished everything he wanted, with no regrets. I think that, along with leaving a legacy, would be the greatest sign of success.Marvin Sapp
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.Vincent Van Gogh
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's angle as well as from your own.Henry Ford
When I was working at the Sprint store, I got laid off. I was bummed out, but I stayed positive. I used the money I had earned while working there to make my first album. Without that job, maybe 'Corazon Sin Cara' would never had been made. It's a very inspirational story.Prince Royce
Luck is where opportunity meets preparation.Seneca
We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different.Unknown
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.Albert Einstein
For marriage to be a success, every woman and every man should have her and his own bathroom. The end.Catherine Zeta-Jones
If you wish to be a success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing.Napoleon Bonaparte
If there are no struggles, there is no progress.Frederick Douglas
I take great pride in all the tremendous success we've enjoyed at CBS. And the good news is that I feel even more enthusiastic about what my terrific team and I will accomplish going forward.Leslie Moonves
You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him discover it in himself.Galileo
As you live your hours, so you create your years. As you live your days, so you craft your life.Robin Sharma
Success is going from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.Winston Churchill
Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give up, but kept going no matter what.Spryte Loriano
There are thousands of inspirational stories waiting to be told about young women who yearn for a great education. They are stories of struggle and stories of success, and they will inspire others to take action and work to change lives.Soledad O'Brien
There is no easy way from the earth to the starsSeneca
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.Babe Ruth
Whether You Think You Can Or Think You Can’t, You’re Right.Henry Ford
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.Desiderius Erasmus
The reward of art is not fame or success but intoxication: that is why so many bad artists are unable to give it up.Jean Cocteau
'Do What You Gotta Do' is a positive, inspirational song that says no matter what it is; whether you're up against challenges or trying to get your dreams and aspirations met, you should do what whatever you have to do shy of killing yourself or someone else.Angie Stone
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.Og Mandino
Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure.Aisha Tyler
I see now that one’s birth is irrelevant. It’s what you do that determines who you are.Mewtwo
For success of any mission, it is necessary to have creative leadership. Creative leadership is vital for government, non-governmental organisations as well as for industries.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Don't think about what might go wrong, think about what could be right.Unknown
I have gone from being a 21-year-old with wide eyes to a 24-year-old woman. With success comes a lot of responsibility and power.Vanessa Carlton
The creative adult is the child who survived.Ursula K. Le Guin
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.Thomas Jefferson
It wasn’t necessary to be born a nobleman or rich to succeed in life.Soichiro Honda
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.Sigmund Freud
Motivation is what gets you started, habit it what keeps you going.Jim Ryun
There is no easy way from the earth to the starsSeneca
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.Benjamin Disraeli
Inside, I've got a real purist desire and dream about the music. I like the idea of being able to carve out a kind of magical, colourful, artistic, inspirational life. And the reality just turns out to be quite different, working with the business to bring this thing you have created into the world.Damien Rice
The science of today is the technology of tomorrowEdward Teller
The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young.F. Scott Fitzgerald
Whatever success I've had, I always like to top it.Bernie Mac
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out whyMark Twain
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.Jane Austen
When you have a bad day, a really bad day, try and treat the world better than it treated you.Patrick Stump
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it worksSteve Jobs
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.Joyce Brothers
The start is what stops most people.Don Shula
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.Socrates
Dream up a vision so brave it makes all around you roll with laughter.Robin Sharma
There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.C.S. Lewis
Everything is practicePele
There isn't a way things should be. There's just what happens, and what we do.Terry Pratchett
Our purpose in Vietnam is to prevent the success of aggression. It is not conquest, it is not empire, it is not foreign bases, it is not domination. It is, simply put, just to prevent the forceful conquest of South Vietnam by North Vietnam.Lyndon B. Johnson
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.Dale Carnegie
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.Tommy Lasorda
Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement. One fails forward toward success.C. S. Lewis
Be stubborn about your goals, and flexible about your methods.Author Unknown
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.Conrad Hilton
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure - which is: Try to please everybody.Herbert Bayard Swope
Success for me means being able to work. I don't look at so much at what I've done as much as I look to what I will do.Phylicia Rashad
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.Confucius
Success is dependent on effort.Sophocles
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.Steve Jobs
There is a voice that doesn’t use words. Listen.Rumi
What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it.Unknown
I had hoped when my life was chronicled, it would be an inspirational story.Om Puri
Countless as the sands of the sea are human passions.Nikolai Gogol
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.Babe Ruth
Writers, as they gain success, feel like outsiders because writers don't come together in real groups.Anne Rice
Sustainability is the key to our survival on this planet and will also determine success on all levels.Shari Arison
You don’t have to be great to get started, but you have to get started to be great.Les Brown
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.Confucius
You don't manage people; you manage things. You lead people.Grace Hopper
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.Vince Lombardi
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.Albert Einstein
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself. Do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.Bruce Lee
I want to be an inspirational model. I want people to look at me and say, 'Wow, she looks healthy.'Ireland Baldwin
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.Bruce Lee
I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well.Johann Sebastian Bach
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.Michelangelo
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.Helen Keller
It matters what people actually are. Rather than what they can be made to seem to be.Sam Harris
I don't dislike rappers or hip-hop or people who like it. I went to the Def Jam tour in Manchester in the '80s when rap was inspirational. Public Enemy were awesome. But it's all about status and bling now, and it doesn't say anything to me.Noel Gallagher
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it doneBruce Lee
Growing up in a group home, and with an undiagnosed learning disability to boot, the odds of success were not on my side. But when I joined the high school football team, I learned the value of discipline, focus, persistence, and teamwork - all skills that have proven vital to my career as a C.E.O. and social entrepreneur.Darell Hammond
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.Dolly Parton
The people who influence you are the people who believe in you.Henry Drummond
If you live long enough, you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you'll be a better person. It's how you handle adversity, not how it affects you. The main thing is never quit, never quit, never quit.Bill Clinton
I found it interesting that as people become more technically oriented all over the world, at the same time people are becoming increasingly spiritual. The success of the Da Vinci code - even though it was a great yawn - also showed people's interest in religion.Barbara Walters
There are seven days in the week and someday isn't one of them.Unknown
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you desing for the present.Jim Rohn
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.Thomas A. Edison
Most people are nice when you finally see them.Harper Lee
Despite the success cult, men are most deeply moved not by the reaching of the goal but by the grandness of the effort involved in getting there - or failing to get there.Max Lerner
I always say be humble but be firm. Humility and openness are the key to success without compromising your beliefs.George Hickenlooper
Every success story has a parent who says, 'over my dead body.' Every success story has an old person who walks up to you and says, when you're acting the fool, 'you know I worry about you sometimes.'Bill Cosby
The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success.James Cash Penney
Do whatever you do intensely.Robert Henri
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.Stephen Hawking
To follow, without halt, one aim: that's the secret of success.Anna Pavlova
Religious speech is extreme, emotional, and motivational. It is anti-literal, relying on metaphor, allusion, and other rhetorical devices, and it assumes knowledge within a community of believers.Amy Waldman
Fortune befriends the bold.Emily Dickinson
Fear is not evil. It tells you what weakness is. And once you know your weakness, you can become stronger as well as kinder.Unknown
Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.Peter Drucker
From its brilliancy everything is illuminated.Guru Nanak
A minute's success pays the failure of years.Robert Browning
One day, I got so disgusted that I sat down and wrote a list called 'Justin's list of things to do before he kicks the bucket.' I wrote it for myself and shortened it to 'Justin's Bucket List.' It was there on the wall, not as a story idea but as a motivational tool for myself, which actually ended up working pretty well.Justin Zackham
Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master.Christian Lous Lange
Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem.Henry Kissinger
To design the future effectively, you must first let go of your past.Charles J. Givens
You've got to eat while you dream. You've got to deliver on short-range commitments, while you develop a long-range strategy and vision and implement it. The success of doing both. Walking and chewing gum if you will. Getting it done in the short-range, and delivering a long-range plan, and executing on that.Jack Welch
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.William James
If you look at the common denominator of all the comics who have had big success, it's being true to their nature... that's what takes a long time to learn.Ron White
Even if you fall on your face you’re still moving forward.Victor Kiam
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done.Vince Lombardi
The making of friends who are real friends, is the best token we have of a man's success in life.Edward Everett Hale
Until your dream dominates your mindset, you’ll never wake up your greatness.Robin Sharma
Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.Richard Branson
Not one drop of water shall reach the sea without first serving man.Parakramabahu The Great
People think that at the top there isn't much room. They tend to think of it as an Everest. My message is that there is tons of room at the top.Margaret Thatcher
Success is the most important to many, to me it's just a bonus.Lucas Grabeel
Just about every massively creative person was considered an oddball by everyone around them.Robin Sharma
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.Oscar Wilde
I’d rather attempt to do something great and fail, than to attempt nothing and succeed.Robert H. Schuller
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.Thomas J. Watson
Success and failure are equally disastrous.Tennessee Williams
Humor has bailed me out of more tight situations than I can think of. If you go with your instincts and keep your humor, creativity follows. With luck, success comes, too.Jimmy Buffett
A tragic irony of life is that we so often achieve success or financial independence after the chief reason for which we sought it has passed away.Ellen Glasgow
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe,33 then you’ll be successful.Eric Thomas
The person interested in success has to learn to view failure as a healthy, inevitable part of the process of getting to the top.Joyce Brothers
Success requires first expending ten units of effort to produce one unit of results. Your momentum will then produce ten units of results with each unit of effort.Charles J. Givens
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.  Joel Osteen
And when I breathed, my breath was lightning.Black Elk
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.Ray Goforth
America is the most grandiose experiment the world has seen, but, I am afraid, it is not going to be a success.Sigmund Freud
Happy people are ignoramuses and glory is nothing else but success, and to achieve it one only has to be cunning.Mikhail Lermontov
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.Babe Ruth
Whatever success I may have attained is due to the fact that since I was old enough to work at all, my ambition has never deserted me.Anna Held
If you can dream it, you can do it.Walt Disney
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.George Bernard Shaw
The success of each of us benefits us all, and the success of us all benefits each of us individually.Walter Ulbricht
The night is far spent, the day is at hand; let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armor of light.The Holy Bible: Romans, 13:12
I want to make sure I don't interfere with the success of that team next year. I don't see any way I could go to practice like most of 'em do, and not hurt the team. I'd go nuts if I tried doing that.Bear Bryant
Having a soft heart in a cruel world is courage, not weakness.Katherine Henson
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.Douglas Adams
After a storm comes a calm.Matthew Henry
We must balance conspicuous consumption with conscious capitalism.Kevin Krus
Success consecrates the most offensive crimes.Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Persistence can change failure into extraordinary achievement.Marv Levy
For an actress to be a success, she must have the face of a Venus, the brains of a Minerva, the grace of Terpsichore, the memory of a MaCaulay, the figure of Juno, and the hide of a rhinoceros.Ethel Barrymore
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.Mahatma Gandhi
Crowded classrooms and half-day sessions are a tragic waste of our greatest national resource - the minds of our children.Walt Disney
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do.Bob Dylan
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.David Cameron
Steroids do not guarantee you're going to have success. I think a lot of people think that they will, but they don't.Tony Gwynn
I was successful materially, but I know life is much more than worldly success. I saw all these blessings God had given me. The way to give thanks is obedience to God.Hakeem Olajuwon
I feel lucky because I was a nerd, which I talk about in the book, but I had academic success, so through that, because that's what my parents put a great deal of value on, I had a great childhood because I sort of fulfilled the expectations of being good at school.Mindy Kaling
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.Wallis Simpson
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.Khalil Gibran
If you’re going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now.Marie Osmond
The most intense fight a person will ever have is between the person they are and the person they are capable of becoming.Coach Jae
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you'll be criticized anyway.Eleanor Roosevelt.
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.Jane Smiley
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.Oprah Winfrey.
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee.Joseph Barber Lightfoot
Past success is no guarantee of future success, so I have learned to be an entrepreneur. I began to produce and direct my own projects.Ian Ziering
The real end winner of NAFTA is going to be Mexico because we have the human capital. We have that resource that is vital to the success of the U.S. economy.Vicente Fox
I want to make this world perfect.Malala Yousafzai
Your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.Abraham Lincoln
Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valiant never taste of death but once. Wiiliam Shakespeare
Don't be afraid of failure; be afraid of petty success.Maude Adams
It's not a problem, if you always win.Harvey Specter
If you find something very difficult to achieve yourself, don't imagine it impossible-for anything possible and proper for another person can be achieved as easily by you.Marcus Aurelius
Every exit is an entry somewhere else.Tom Stoppard
People need to realise what real happiness and success is, because success as an actor is fleeting. You can be up there one day and gone the next.Chuck Norris
The flow of Guiness into the studio was inspirational as well as nutritive.Carter Burwell
I’ve failed over and over and over again. And that is why I succeed.Michael Jordan
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.Marcus Aurelius
The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world.G Man (Half-Life 2)
I am very conscious of who I am as an artist and as an inspirational person.R. Kelly
God always strives together with those who strive.Aeschylus
Have the guts to be true to yourself.Robin Sharma
You know you've reached true success the day you become truly humble. That's the day you stop needing to prove to the world - and yourself - that you've accomplished something meaningful.Naveen Jain
Everything you need for better future and success has already been written. And guess what? All you have to do is go to the library.Henri Frederic Amiel
You dont have to explain your dreams, they belong to you.Paulo Coelho
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.Napoleon Hill
It’s the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.Paulo Coelho
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.Mae West
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.Eleanor Roosevelt
Success comes in waves.Guy Pearce
You just can’t beat the person who never gives up.Babe Ruth
If you ever start taking things too seriously, just remember that we are talking monkeys on an organic spaceship flying through the universe.Joe Rogan
If you don't give up, you still have a chance.Jack Ma
Don't forget, beautiful sunsets need cloudy skiesPaulo Coelho
The key to success is action, and the essential in action is perseverance.Sun Yat-sen
In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.Henry Ward Beecher
Everybody comes to a point in their life when they want to quit, but it's what you do at that moment that determines who you are.Unknown
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says, I'm possible.Audrey Hepburn
Every video I've made has an inspirational message behind it. Since day one, I thought, 'Okay, I want my audience to be, like, Disney members.' So if that's the case, I have to keep everything rated G.Michelle Phan
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.John F. Kennedy
The success of any great moral enterprise does not depend upon numbers.William Lloyd Garrison
Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.Mark Twain
Every exit is an entry somewhere else.Tom Stoppard
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life--think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.Swami Vivekananda
To be successful you have to be lucky, or a little mad, or very talented, or find yourself in a rapid growth field.Edward de Bono
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.Alice Walker
Sometimes you can't see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others.Ellen DeGeneres
Dream big, start small, act now.Robin Sharma
If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate.Thomas J. Watson
Success to me is being a good person, treating people well.David LaChapelle
Sport is something that is very inspirational for young people.Pele
I've done a lot of albums and I kinda know when I'm onto something that was inspirational for me to record and create, and this was one of those projects where I really enjoyed making the album.Lee Ritenour
An unexamined life is not worth living.Socrates
Start even if you don't know how.Wendy Tremayne
Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness.Allen Ginsberg
The more defects a man may have, the older he is, the less lovable, the more resounding his success.Marquis de Sade
One of the very important characteristics of a student is to question. Let the students ask questions.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you’re a man, you take itMalcolm X
At a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what’s happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That’s the world’s greatest lie.Paulo Coelho
One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.Thomas A. Edison
One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed.Herman Cain
But I like not these great success of yours; for I know how jealous are the gods.Herodotus
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.Henry Ford
It's Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It's Whether You Get Up.Vince Lombardi
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.Rabindranath Tagore
Other people’s opinion of you does not have to become your realityLes Brown
Success is not a destination, but the road that you're on. Being successful means that you're working hard and walking your walk every day. You can only live your dream by working hard towards it. That's living your dream.Marlon Wayans
I am hitting my head against the walls, but the walls are giving way.Gustav Mahler
Success isn't about being the best. It's about always getting better.Behance 99U
Feeling anxious or depressed sometimes is part of what it means to be a person, and it might even be essential to success.K. Flay
I accept chaos, I'm not sure whether it accepts me.Bob Dylan
Don't let your sorrow come higher than your knees.Swedish Proverb
Never waste a minute thinking about people you don't like.Dwight D. Eisenhower
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't readMark Twain
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.Bruce Feirstein
Whether you succeed or not is irrelevant, there is no such thing.  Making your unknown known is the important thing.Georgia O'Keeffe
What’s right is what’s left if you do everything else wrong.Robin Willaims
I seem to have been only like a boy playing on the seashore, and diverting myself in now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.Isaac Newton
Success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others.Danny Thomas
'No one can make you successful; the will to success comes from within.' I've made this my motto. I've internalized it to the point of understanding that the success of my actions and/or endeavors doesn't depend on anyone else, and that includes a possible failure.Fabrizio Moreira
The cure for anything is salt water. Sweat, tears or the ocean.Isak Dinesen
Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better.Jim Rohn
Let each man exercise the art he knows.Aristophanes
People who urge you to be realistic generally want you to accept their version of reality.Unknown
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.Tony Robbins
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.Steve Jobs
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.Dale Carnegie
Every person is a new door to a different world.Six Degrees of Separation
The measure of a man is what he does with power.Plato
The greatest revenge is massive success.Les Brown
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.Colin R. Davis
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.Unknown
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy.Unknown
The Man Who Has Confidence In Himself Gains The Confidence Of Others.Hasidic Proverb
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good.Joe Paterno
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.Epictetus
Fear does not prevent death. It prevents life.Naguib Mahfouz
There's more to life than success, and if you can try to be more well-rounded, you'll be able to enjoy your success more. It won't own you or control you.Ricky Williams
Your attitude will go a long way in determining your success, your recognition, your reputation and your enjoyment in being a lawyer.Joe Jamail
Silence is the place productive people go to think.Robin Sharma
In life, you don't do what you want but you are responsible for what you are.Jean-Paul Sartre
When you have a bad day, a really bad day, try and treat the world better than it treated you.Patrick Stump
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.Benjamin Graham
When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock, perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that last blow that did it, but all that had gone before.Jacob Riis
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.Henry Ford
Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period.Lou Holtz
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future.Steve Jobs
A ship in the harbor is safe. But that's not what ships are for.Unknown
Creativity is the key to success in the future, and primary education is where teachers can bring creativity in children at that level.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes - understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success.Arianna Huffington
If you don't like your destiny, don't accept it.
Instead, have the courage to change it the way you want it to be!Naruto Uzumaki ('Naruto')
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.Michael John Bobak
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.Robert H. Schuller
Act like you expect to get into the end zone.Christopher Morley
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.Henry David Thoreau
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.Mark Twain
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.Ayn Rand
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.Robert Louis Stevenson
Don’t be afraid to go out on a limb. That’s where the fruit is.H. Jackson Browne
In your light I learn how to love. In your beauty, how to make poems. You dance inside my chest where no-one sees you, but sometimes I do, and that sight becomes this art.Rumi
We rise by lifting others.Robert G. Ingersoll
My tastes and inspirational artists were always rather eclectic and diverse.Taylor Dayne
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.Robert H. Schuller
Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure Science.Edwin Powell Hubble
Every single person you meet in your life, is for the right reason in the right moment.Unknown
I’ve failed over and over and over again. And that is why I succeed.Michael Jordan
The goal is not to get rich. The goal is to live rich.Darren Hardy
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.Dumbledore-The Half-Blood Prince
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.Coco Chanel
If people aren't laughing at your dreams, your dreams aren't big enough.Unknown
Carry on any enterprise as if all future success depended on it.Cardinal Richelieu
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.André Gide
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.Albert Schweitzer
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.Oscar Wilde
I let no one disturb my concentration… Even hunger could not disturb me.Soichiro Honda
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.Pablo Picasso
Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone.John Wooden
Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give up, but kept going no matter what.Spryte Loriano
There are people who can achieve huge success in life, while adding a bit of fun and a splash of colour to this increasingly grey world.Peter James
It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success; they much oftener succeed through failures. Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done.Samuel Smiles
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.Elon Musk
Do What You Can With All You Have, Wherever You Are.Theodore Roosevelt
There is an immutable conflict at work in life and in business, a constant battle between peace and chaos. Neither can be mastered, but both can be influenced. How you go about that is the key to success.Phil Knight
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.George Burns
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.Tony Robbins
Look in the mirror... That's your competition.Anonymous
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's the determination and commitment to unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.Mario Andretti
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.H.Jackson Brown Jr.
Mathematics is the art of giving the same name to different things.Henri Poincare
It is very easy to defeat someone, but it is very hard to win someone.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.Napoleon Hill
Religious speech is extreme, emotional, and motivational. It is anti-literal, relying on metaphor, allusion, and other rhetorical devices, and it assumes knowledge within a community of believers.Amy Waldman
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.Margaret Thatcher
I sort of understood that when I first started: that you shouldn't repeat a success. Very often you're going to, and maybe the first time you do, it works. And you love it. But then you're trapped.Jack Nicholson
I am decidedly of the opinion that in very many instances we can trace such a necessary connexion, especially among birds, and often with more complete success than in the case which I have here attempted to explain.Alfred Russel Wallace
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.Nelson Mandela
No matter how you feel, Get up, dress up, show up and never give up.Anonymous
The expert at anything was once a beginnerHelen Hayes
When the race gets hard to run. It means you just can't take the peace.Bob Marley
Rockefeller once explained the secret of success. 'Get up early, work late - and strike oil.'Joey Adams
No self-respecting woman should wish or work for the success of a party who ignores her sex.Susan B. Anthony
Real success is finding you lifework in the work that you love.David McCullough
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.Og Mandino
President Obama called for a 'we' nation in his Inauguration Address. Art convenes. It is not just inspirational. It is aspirational. It pricks the walls of our compartmentalized minds, opens our hearts and makes us brave. And that's what we need most in our country today.Anna Deavere Smith
Though I had success in my research both when I was mad and when I was not, eventually I felt that my work would be better respected if I thought and acted like a 'normal' person.John Forbes Nash, Jr.
He understood well enough how a man with a choice between pride and responsibility will almost always choose pride—if responsibility robs him of his manhood.Stephen King
I know that when I like music, when it touches my heart, that it will touch your heart, too. That, I think, is the secret to my success.Andre Rieu
When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find ways to do it.Dr. David Schwartz
I've had great success being a total idiot.Jerry Lewis
I always did something I was a little not ready to do. I think that’s how you grow. When there’s that moment of, ‘Wow, I’m not really sure I can do this,’ and you push through those moments, that’s when you have a breakthrough.Marissa Mayer
 Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don’t wish it were easier, wish you were better.Jim Rohn
And now, this is the sweetest and most glorious day that ever my eyes did see.Donald Cargill
Stay hungry; stay foolish.Whole Earth Epilog, 1974
The truth.It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution.Dumbledore–The Philosopher’s Stone 
Failure is an opportunity to begin again more intelligently.Henry Ford.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.Francis Chan
One of the things that happens in the business is that success is a very strange thing in that if you are involved in something very successful the next person wants you to repeat it.Elmer Bernstein
If you’ve never tried, how will you ever know if there’s any chance?Jack Ma
There are no mistakes, only opportunities.Tina Fey
The greatest pleasure of life is loveEuripides
A key to achieving success is to assemble a strong and stable management team.Vivek Wadhwa
All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important.Manny Pacquiao
Success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others.Danny Thomas
The secret of our success is that we never, never give up.Wilma Mankiller
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.Helen Keller
Change doesn't always mean progress, but the status quo isn't always the best result either. It is merely the most convenient.Harsha Bhogle
Academic success depends on research and publications.Philip Zimbardo
True victory is to give all of yourself, without regret.Ryu (Street Fighter Alpha 3)
Well, certainly one of the ironies of the success of affirmative action is that the middle class within the black community no longer lives within 'black community' by and large.Henry Louis Gates
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.Albert Einstein
Real success is being totally indulgent about your own trip. You put your blinders on about the garbage and go full speed ahead.Betsey Johnson
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.Eleanor Roosevelt
Yesterday is history; tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift, which is why we call it the present.Bil Keane
I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed.Nikos Kazantzakis
I've had a lot of success; I've had failures, so I learn from the failure.Gordon Ramsay
Different and new is just the same old if you keep doing it over and over.Kyran Pittman,
Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give up, and kept going no matter what.Spryte Loriano
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.Franklin D. Roosevelt
How happy are those whose walls already rise!Virgil
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.Wayne Gretzky
Every success story has a parent who says, 'over my dead body.' Every success story has an old person who walks up to you and says, when you're acting the fool, 'you know I worry about you sometimes.'Bill Cosby
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.John Ruskin
Success is tricky to deal with, both professionally and in your personal life.Ewan McGregor
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.Albert Einstein
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.Benjamin Disraeli
No great thing is created suddenly.Epictetus
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.Barack Obama
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.Albert Camus
For true success ask yourself these four questions: Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now?James Allen
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.John F. Kennedy
What makes mastery is not the absence of failure but the absence of giving up.Robin Sharma
The best leaders are the most dedicated learners. Read great books daily.Robin Sharma
Education is the manifestation of perfection already in a man.Swami Vivekananda
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.Zig Ziglar
Future peace, prosperity and confidence depend not just on ourselves but on the success of all nations. Hence, we are all partners, no matter what our backgrounds, cultures, faiths and histories.Hassanal Bolkiah
It is the hopeful, buoyant, cheerful attitude of mind that wins. Optimism is a success builder; pessimism an achievement killer.Orison Swett Marden
The world is not impermanent if one lives there after knowing God. Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.Unknown
I am very optimistic, and I wish that God almighty grants me success to get a qualifying time. Only then can I go to the Olympics. If this happens I will be the first Palestinian athlete to gain a qualifying time. This will be a big achievement.Nader al-Masri
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.Jimmy Dean
You really have to work hard and apply yourself and by applying yourself and working hard and being diligent, you can achieve success.Julie Benz
An unexamined life is not worth living.Socrates
Start by doing what’s necessary; then do what’s possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.Francis of Assisi
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love. Francis of Assisi
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.Audre Lorde
The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare.Bobby Knight
Divorce is never a pleasant experience. You look upon it as a failure. But I learned to be a different person once we broke up. Sometimes you learn more from failure than you do from success.Michael Crawford
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself.Jiddu Krishnamurti
Wishes don't bring riches; work make things work.Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha
The survival of liberty in our land increasingly depends on the success of liberty in other lands. The best hope for peace in our world is the expansion of freedom in all the world.Bill Frist
It is usually best to admit mistakes when they occur, and to seek to restore honor..Iroh
The mind always fails first, not the body. The secret is to make your mind work for you, not against you.Arnold Schwarzenegger
The first question which the priest and the Levite asked was: 'If I stop to help this man, what will happen to me?' But... the good Samaritan reversed the question: 'If I do not stop to help this man, what will happen to him?'Martin Luther King, Jr.
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play.Mike Singletary
I think that when we have a better educated society, when there is less violence in our cities, when people get back into the workforce and have the opportunity to take care of themselves and their families - that for me really is the kind of success and the kind of America that I think most of us still want, we aspire to.Michael Nutter
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.Carol Burnett
Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success.Martha Stewart
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.Robert Green Ingersoll
The activity you’re most avoiding contains your biggest opportunity.Robin Sharma
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.Jim Rohn
I am stable when my private life is a success.Don Johnson
Check your ego at the door. The ego can be the great success inhibitor. It can kill opportunities, and it can kill success.Dwayne Johnson
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.Nathaniel Hawthorne
You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.Unknown
Even if no one believes in you, stick out your chest and scream your defiance!Rukia Kuchiki ('Bleach')
Divorce is never a pleasant experience. You look upon it as a failure. But I learned to be a different person once we broke up. Sometimes you learn more from failure than you do from success.Michael Crawford
Check your ego at the door. The ego can be the great success inhibitor. It can kill opportunities, and it can kill success.Dwayne Johnson
Be so good they can't ignore you.Steve Martin
You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul.Swami Vivekananda
Hard work beats talent when talen doesn't work hard.Tim Notke
The black holes of nature are the most perfect macroscopic objects there are in the universe: the only elements in their construction are our concepts of space and time.Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar
Never mind what others do; do better than yourself, beat your own record from day to day, and you are a success.William J. H. Boetcker
Success in any endeavor depends on the degree to which it is an expression of your true self.Ralph Marston
Motivation is simple. You eliminate those who are not motivated.Lou Holtz
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day.Jim Rohn
What would you do if you weren’t afraid?Sheryl Sandberg
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.Francis of Assisi
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.Arthur C. Clarke
If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.Sydney Madwed
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success.George Herman
The most successful men in the end are those whose success is the result of steady accretion.Alexander Graham Bell
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him.Viktor Frankl
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!Audrey Hepburn
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.Bill Gates
That should be the measure of success for everyone. It's not money, it's not fame, it's not celebrity; my index of success is happiness.Lupe Fiasco
To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist.Schumann
To achieve great things, two things are needed; a plan, and not quite enough time.Leonard Bernstein
The keys to brand success are self-definition, transparency, authenticity and accountability.Simon Mainwaring
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.Karim Seddiki
In sports teams, apart from talk of sporting prowess and the imparting of inspirational thought, an extraordinary amount of time is spent discussing, and flaunting, material possessions.Harsha Bhogle
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.Jim Rohn
We live in a world of constant juxtaposition between joy that's possible and pain that's all too common. We hope for love and success and abundance, but we never quite forget that there is always lurking the possibility of disaster.Marianne Williamson
What were once only hopes for the future have now come to pass; it is almost exactly 13 years since the overwhelming majority of people in Ireland and Northern Ireland voted in favour of the agreement signed on Good Friday 1998, paving the way for Northern Ireland to become the exciting and inspirational place that it is today.Queen Elizabeth II
A ship is safe in a harbor. But thats not what ships are for./u/the_big_mothergoose
The two most important requirements for major success are: first, being in the right place at the right time, and second, doing something about it.Ray Kroc
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.Zig Ziglar
Whatever you want in life, other people are going to want it too. Believe in yourself enough to accept the idea that you have an equal right to it.Diane Sawyer
I never lose. Either I win or I learn.Conor McGregor
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.Theodore Roosevelt
If you don't build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs.Dhirubhai Ambani
If you work just for money, you'll never make it, but if you love what you're doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.Ray Kroc
'Star Wars' is fun, its exciting, its inspirational, and people respond to that. It's what they want.George Lucas
I've had a lot of success; I've had failures, so I learn from the failure.Gordon Ramsay
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.St. Jerome
Why be a man when you can be a success?Bertolt Brecht
Safety rules are written in blood.Anonymous
Though I had success in my research both when I was mad and when I was not, eventually I felt that my work would be better respected if I thought and acted like a 'normal' person.John Forbes Nash, Jr.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.Anais Nin
One fails forward toward success.Charles Kettering
Life cannot have had a random beginning ... The trouble is that there are about 2000 enzymes, and the chance of obtaining them all in a random trial is only one part in 10^40,000, an outrageously small probability that could not be faced even if the whole universe consisted of organic soup.Fred Hoyle
What moves men of genius, or rather what inspires their work, is not new ideas, but their obsession with the idea that what has already been said is still not enough.Eugene Delecroix
When in doubt, tell the truth.Mark Twain
Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass!Paul J. Meyer
He conquers who endures.Persius
Nothing recedes like success.Walter Winchell
I dwell in possibility.Emily Dickinson
Success is not a function of the size of your title but the richness of your contribution.Robin S. Sharma
You can't always be happy. You can't always be sad.Anonymous
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards.Paul Bryant
The wisest mind has something yet to learn.George Santayana
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.Ken Venturi
There are many wonderful things that will never be done if you do not do them.Charles D Gill
Every city across the country that has successfully renewed and revitalized itself points to a robust education system as its fundamental key to success.Alan Autry
People think your success is just a matter of having a pretty face. But it's easy to be chewed up and spat out. You've got to stay ahead of the game to be able to stay in it.Kate Moss
Success is when you see something, and you say, 'I want to do that,' and then you do it. It's being happy with what you do and doing what you love every day.Alessia Cara
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.Unknown
Give Obama a script he has made his own, and he is the motivational speaker to end all speakers. Tony Robbins cloned with Honest Abe.Tina Brown
The truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.Elvis Presley
Strength is life weakness is death.Swami Vivekananda
If a man has been his mother's undisputed darling he retains throughout life the triumphant feeling, the confidence in success, which not seldom brings actual success along with it.Sigmund Freud
Life takes on meaning when you become motivated, set goals and charge after them in an unstoppable manner.Les Brown
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to it until you get thereBob Proctor
Well, you would have to say what is the criteria to determine the success of any merger? It would have to be that the companies are stronger financially, that they took market share, and they are on a very steady footing in terms of their performance.Kevin Rollins
Oh, I would love to be a motivational speaker. I have pulled myself out of a million potholes, and I can see the potholes ahead of me. That doesn't mean that I could always do that so perfectly for my own life. I totally fall in potholes.Drew Barrymore
I'm not a person who particularly had heros when growing up.Dennis Ritchie
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.Unknown
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.Paulo Coelho
To become who you want to become, make decisions that THAT person would make, TODAY.Richie Norton
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.Epictetus
Today is not the day I die.Oberyn Martell
You will never win if you never begin.Helen Rowland
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.Bill Copeland
Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.Jargon File
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better.Chief (Animal Crossing)
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.Leo Buscaglia
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. Lolly Daskal
That brain of mine is something more than merely mortal, as time will show.Ada Lovelace
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you'll be criticized anyway.Eleanor Roosevelt.
Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing.Harriet Braiker
I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.Thomas A. Edison
The beginning is the most important part of the work.Plato
The future of America is not an entitlement. We have been given a treasure chest of gifts and opportunities, but some people are being left behind, and success is not sustainable unless it is shared.Howard Schultz
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to be yourself.Thich Nhat Hanh
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.Dr. Seuss
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.Peter Marshall
Countless as the sands of the sea are human passions.Nikolai Gogol
Lovers don’t finally meet somewhere. They’re in each other all along.Rumi
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.Jim Rohn
I just wouldn’t give in, no way.Soichiro Honda
The mind always fails first, not the body. The secret is to make your mind work for you, not against you.Arnold Schwarzenegger
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.Mother Teresa
If you want to be successful, put yourself in a discomfort zone.Sharfaraz Ahmed
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!John Muir
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourselfEpictetus
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety.Aeschylus
Whatever you are, be a good one. Abraham Lincoln
I don't know what it's like to have a typical father figure. He's not the dad who's going to take me to the beach and go swimming, but he's such a motivational person.Tiffany Trump
The ideal life is in our blood and never will be still.Phillips Brooks
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.Walt Disney
The more you seek the uncomfortable, the more you will become comfortable.Conor McGregor
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.Amelia Earhart
I sort of understood that when I first started: that you shouldn't repeat a success. Very often you're going to, and maybe the first time you do, it works. And you love it. But then you're trapped.Jack Nicholson
No one who achieves success does so without acknowledging the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.Alfred North Whitehead
You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity.Thomas Wolfe
You don't have to be a genius or a visionary or even a college graduate to be successful. You just need a framework and a dream.Michael Dell
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.Oscar Wilde
How do you know you're going to do something, untill you do it?J. D. Salinger
It will, of course, be understood that directly or indirectly, soon or late, every advance in the sciences of human nature will contribute to our success in controlling human nature and changing it to the advantage of the common weal.Edward Thorndike
’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.Michael Jordan
Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.Oliver Goldsmith
Every soldier must know, before he goes into battle, how the little battle he is to fight fits into the larger picture, and how the success of his fighting will influence the battle as a whole.Bernard Law Montgomery
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.Edith Wharton
Being happy is of the utmost importance. Success in anything is through happiness.Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.Thomas Edison
And when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.Paulo Coelho
We crave instant success these days. If you are a really good sprinter and long jumper, you don't want to spend two or three years on a whole new set of events. You're used to doing well and it's difficult to give that up.Daley Thompson
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.W. Clement Stone
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says Im possible!Audrey Hepburn
Progress might have been all right once, but it has gone on too long.Ogden Nash
As long as you think your past is bad you must be improvingLouis C.K
I believe that one key to success is to accept truth, no matter how it's spoken.Robert Kiyosaki
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.George S. Patton
If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of Giants.Isaac Newton
Whether You Think You Can Or Think You Can’t, You’re Right.Henry Ford
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing.Michael Gove
Visualize this thing that you want, see it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blue print, and begin to build.R Collier
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.Helen Keller
Do you remember any instance where tyranny was destroyed and freedom established on its ruins, among a people possessing so small a share of virtue and public spirit? I recollect none, and this more than the British arms makes me fearful of final success, without a reform.Patrick Henry
Winning isn't everything, but it beats anything in second place.William C. Bryant
There is nothing permanent except change.Heraclitus
Success for me its to raise happy, healthy human beings.Kelly LeBrock
Awards are not the only markers of success; I don't judge myself just based on them. I believe that each cinema-goer has his own mental trophies.Fan Bingbing
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dogMark Twain
Dont let someone else’s opinion of you become your reality.Les Brown
Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome.Arthur Ashe
Thelonious Monk was one of the musicians I most connected with early on. I'm a huge Betty Carter fan, and the way that Abbey Lincoln and Shirley Horn grew immensely from the time they were young is so inspirational.Cecile McLorin Salvant
I am extraordinarily patient, provided I get my own way in the end.Margaret Thatcher
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.Thomas Merton
Rome wasn't built in a day.Unknown
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves.Richard Rorty
To double your income and success, triple your investment in personal development and professional mastery.Robin Sharma
Always concentrate on how far you’ve come, rather than how far you have left to go.Unknown
Every skill you acquire doubles your odds of success.Scott Adams
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures. So I did ten times more work.George Bernard Shaw
We just want to win. That's the bottom line. I think a lot of times people may become content with one championship or a little bit of success, but we don't really reflect on what we've done in the past. We focus on the present.Derek Jeter
When one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superiorHenry C Link
The science of today is the technology of tomorrowEdward Teller
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.Thomas Jefferson
How can they say my life is not a success? Have I not for more than sixty years got enough to eat and escaped being eaten?Logan Pearsall Smith
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.Michael Korda
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.W. Clement Stone
Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expressionIsaac Bashevis Singer
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.Henry David Thoreau
Success makes men rigid and they tend to exalt stability over all the other virtues; tired of the effort of willing they become fanatics about conservatism.Walter Lippmann
A lot of people don't have near the amount of success as I've been blessed to have, and it's all about working hard and hoping that continues.Luke Bryan
For me, success is a state of mind. I feel like success isn't about conquering something; it's being happy with who you are.Britney Spears
I'm a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.Thomas Jefferson
You dream. You plan. You reach. There will be obstacles. There will be doubters. There will be mistakes. But with hard work, with belief, with confidence and trust in yourself and those around you, there are no limits.Michael Phelps, swimmer and Olympic gold medalist
The turning point was when I hit my 30th birthday. I thought, if really want to write, it's time to start. I picked up the book How to Write a Novel in 90 Days. The author said to just write three pages a day, and I figured, I can do this. I never got past Page 3 of that book.James Rollins
Gamble everything for love, if you are a true human being. Halfheartedness does not reach into majesty.Rumi
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?Jeff Rich
For me, there are two types of people: the young and the experienced.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
Ah, music, A magic beyond all we do here!Dumbledore-The Philosopher's stone
Feeling is the consciousness of the resulting conditions - of success, failure, equilibrium, compromise or balance, in this continuous rivalry of ideas.James Mark Baldwin
I think anyone who has a passion for what they love to do, and who pursue it, is inspirational for me.Colin Morgan
Success demands singleness of purpose.Vince Lombardi
A ship in the harbor is safe. But that's not what ships are for.Unknown
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.Dale Carnegie
If I create from the heart, nearly everything works; if from the head, almost nothing.Marc Chagall
I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!Ken Hensley
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.Roger Babson
Finding good partners is the key to success in anything: in business, in marriage and, especially, in investing.Robert Kiyosaki
Too many people measure how successful they are by how much money they make or the people that they associate with. In my opinion, true success should be measured by how happy you are.Richard Branson
I always envisioned myself being a rapper and being in the game and having success, but you never know what it feels like or how you're going to be when you're there.Wiz Khalifa
To escape criticism: do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.Elbert Hubbard
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.E. E. Cummings
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.Ben Okri
Brand is not a product, that's for sure; it's not one item. It's an idea, it's a theory, it's a meaning, it's how you carry yourself. It's aspirational, it's inspirational.Kevin Plank
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.Peter Marshall
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.Joshua Graham
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention.John Burroughs
A desire to be in charge of our own lives, a need for control, is born in each of us. It is essential to our mental health, and our success, that we take control.Robert Foster Bennett
There's a way to do it better - find it.Thomas A. Edison
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.Viktor E. Frankl
The power of imagination makes us infinite.John Muir
Great men are not born great, they grow greatMario Puzo, from The Godfather
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.Zig Ziglar
It's the price of success: people start to think you're omnipotent.Ben Bernanke
Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be.Zig Ziglar
Believe that you can do it cause you can do it.Bob Ross
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way.Marcus Aurelius
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.Mark Twain
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover.Mark Twain
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.Mahatma Gandhi
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.Vincent van Gogh
Even when disco went out, I could still make hits. Once I had so much success, every idea became concentrated. I had so much confidence. I knew how the bass should sound, what rhythms would work. The tempos I knew: 110 to 120 BPM. I knew they would dance in the clubs in New York or anywhere.Giorgio Moroder
We are taught to consume. And that's what we do. But if we realized that there really is no reason to consume, that it's just a mind set, that it's just an addiction, then we wouldn't be out there stepping on people's hands climbing the corporate ladder of success.River Phoenix
Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.Louisa May Alcott
Most success springs from an obstacle or failure. I became a cartoonist largely because I failed in my goal of becoming a successful executive.Scott Adams
You look at the tremendous success of Facebook. To my mind there is not a lot of commerce going on in these social networking sites. eBay is a community anchored in commerce. It is a commerce site that built a community around it. What has not been proven is if the reverse can happen and people will go to community sites to do commerce.Meg Whitman
One fails forward toward success.Charles Kettering
I don't know what it's like to have a typical father figure. He's not the dad who's going to take me to the beach and go swimming, but he's such a motivational person.Tiffany Trump
If people ask me for the ingredients of success, I say one is talent, two is stubbornness or determination, and third is sheer luck. You have to have two out of the three. Any two will probably do.Fred Saberhagen
The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.Cheryl James
Success is when you see something, and you say, 'I want to do that,' and then you do it. It's being happy with what you do and doing what you love every day.Alessia Cara
A goal is a dream with a deadline.Napoleon Hill
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.Warren Buffett
There is never just one thing that leads to success for anyone. I feel it always a combination of passion, dedication, hard work, and being in the right place at the right time.Lauren Conrad
I've got a theory that if you give 100 percent all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.Larry Bird
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.Og Mandino
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but it should get you pretty near.Margaret Thatcher
When we protect ourselves so we won't feel pain, that protection becomes like armor, like armor that imprisons the softness of of the heart.Pema Chodron
Silence is the last thing the world will ever hear from me.Marlee Matlin
There is always room at the top.Daniel Webster
Reach for it. Push yourself as far as you can.Christa McAuliffe
What luck for rulers that men do not thinkAdolf Hitler
If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you.Les Brown
I've always tried to go a step past wherever people expected me to end up.Beverly Sills
Listen to your life. All moments are key moments.Frederick Buechner
If you're not stubborn, you'll give up on experiments too soon. And if you're not flexible, you'll pound your head against the wall and you won't see a different solution to a problem you're trying to solve.Jeff Bezos
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time.Steve Jobs
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.Unknown
If you think you can do it, you can.John Burroughs
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.Douglas Adams
You can be discouraged by failure, or you can learn from it. So go ahead and make mistakes, make all you can. Because, remember that's where you'll find success - on the far side of failure.Thomas J. Watson
A goal without a plan is only a wish.Unknown
Conservation is a state of hrmony between men and landAldo Leopold
Prospering just doesn't have to do with money.Joel Osteen
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.Unknown
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.Sam Levenson
If the point is sharp, and the arrow is swift, it can pierce through the dust no matter how thick.Bob Dylan
The best revenge is massive success.Frank Sinatra
All my music is inspirational. You just gotta listen to the words and get what you can get out of it.Young Jeezy
Whenever you fall, pick something up. Oswald Avery
I believe that one defines oneself by reinvention. To not be like your parents. To not be like your friends. To be yourself. To cut yourself out of stone.Henry Rollins
The more real you get, the more unreal the world gets.John Lennon
C++ and Java, say, are presumably growing faster than plain C, but I bet C will still be around.Dennis Ritchie
A friend of mine said something powerful at his grandfather's funeral. He said that the greatest lesson from his grandfather's life was that he died empty, because he accomplished everything he wanted, with no regrets. I think that, along with leaving a legacy, would be the greatest sign of success.Marvin Sapp
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.Rabindranath Tagore
Give your dreams all you've got and you'll be amazed at the energy that comes out of you.William James
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.Unknown
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.Ernest Hemingway
Success represents the 1% of your work which results from the 99% that is called failure.Soichiro Honda
If there were no night, we would not appreciate the day, nor could we see the stars and the vastness of the heavens. We must partake of the bitter with the sweet. There is a divine purpose in the adversities we encounter every day. They prepare, they purge, they purify, and thus they bless.James E. Faust
If people are not laughing at your goals, your goals are too small. ImageAzim Premji
The mind is everything. What you think you become.Buddha
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.Marie Curie
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sureMark Twain
Once you slay one fear you’ll conquer many fears.Robin Sharma
People need to realise what real happiness and success is, because success as an actor is fleeting. You can be up there one day and gone the next.Chuck Norris
What is success? It is a toy balloon among children armed with pins.Gene Fowler
Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.Nolan Ryan
I did an A Level in Theatre Studies and had a really inspirational teacher, and then I just went on to university.Jessica Raine
To see what is right and not do it is a lack of courage.Confucious
Super-ambitious goals tend to be unifying and energizing to people; but only if they believe there's a chance of success.Peter Diamandis
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.Georgia O'Keeffe
I think baking is very rewarding, and if you follow a good recipe, you will get success.Mary Berry
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.Stephen Hawking
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earthMuhammad Ali
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.Thomas A. Edison
Crowded classrooms and half-day sessions are a tragic waste of our greatest national resource - the minds of our children.Walt Disney
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.Arthur Ashe
If you have no critics you'll likely have no success.Malcolm X
Socialism has no moral justification whatsoever; poor people are not morally superior to rich people, nor are they owed anything by rich people simply because of their lack of success. Charity is not a socialist concept - it is a religious one, an acknowledgment of God's sovereignty over property, a sovereignty the Left utterly rejects.Ben Shapiro
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.Theophrastus
To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden.Seneca
Whatever obstacle comes your way, you gotta be prepared to jump over it! And I think that's what separates the legends from the regular artists. It's all in how you manage that success, and how you deal with the controversy when it actually comes.Akon
Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary.Robert Louis Stevenson
Personal satisfaction is the most important ingredient of success.Denis Waitley
We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.Bob Ross
Success requires first expending ten units of effort to produce one unit of results. Your momentum will then produce ten units of results with each unit of effort.Charles J. Givens
No matter how tough the chase is, you should always have the dream you saw on the first day. It’ll keep you motivated and rescue you (from any weak thoughts).Jack Ma
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don’t wish it were easier, wish you were better.Jim Rohn
What is success? I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose.Margaret Thatcher
Feeling anxious or depressed sometimes is part of what it means to be a person, and it might even be essential to success.K. Flay
Just remember, you can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.Arnold Schwarzenegger
Out of difficulties grow miracles.Jean de la Bruyere
Personally, I can't see the appeal in trekking down to D.C. for a networking extravaganza, even if it is built around a special moment in American history. While I find the election of Barack Obama inspirational, I don't have a desire to memorialize it with overly effusive celebration.Jamie Johnson
If it’s endurable, then endure it. Stop complaining.Marcus Aurelius
The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young.F. Scott Fitzgerald
There is nothing so stable as change.Bob Dylan
Personal satisfaction is the most important ingredient of success.Denis Waitley
No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes.Alfred Adler
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.Daisaku Ikeda
Success is counted sweetest by those who never succeed.Emily Dickinson
I started doing motivational tours. I've seen all kinds of people, from the CEOs to the lowest executive, opening up to their fears. We don't introspect as much as we should.Anupam Kher
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can't have it. Robert Anthony
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.Elon Musk
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best.Napoleon Hill
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.Steve Jobs
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.Salvador Dali
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. Jim Ryun
Success is like death. The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higher the fences get.Kevin Spacey
Faith, faith, faith is ourselves, faith, faith is God. This is the secret of greatness.Swami Vivekananda
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable.Unknown
Victory has a thousand fathers, but defeat is an orphan.John F. Kennedy
Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful,' and sitting in the shade.Rudyard Kipling
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people.Theodore Roosevelt
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.Einstein
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.William James
What should exist? To me, that's the most exciting question imaginable. What do we need that we don't have? How can we realise our potential?Paul Allen
Words are, in my not so humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic, capable of both influencing injury, and remedying itThe Deathly Hallows
There's a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success.Paul Bryant
They can conquer who believe they can.Virgil
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.Anatole France
Success is not two cars or a swimming pool. It's the approval of your peers.Peter Finch
How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success.William Ellery Channing
Desire is the most important factor in the success of any athlete.Bill Shoemaker
I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.Henry David Thoreau
We can come to look upon the deaths of our enemies with as much regret as we feel for those of our friends, namely, when we miss their existence as witnesses to our success.Arthur Schopenhauer
Anyone can be a critic. What takes guts is to see the best in people.Robin Sharma
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.Alfred A. Montapert
One goes through school, college, medical school and one's internship learning little or nothing about goodness but a good deal about success.Ashley Montagu
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.Paul Carus, summarized from the Dhammapada, verse 165
Words are a pretext. It is the inner bond that draws one person to another, not words.Rumi
To want to, is to be able to.Józef Piłsudski
We do not admire the man of timid peace. We admire the man who embodies victorious effort; the man who never wrongs his neighbor, who is prompt to help a friend, but who has those virile qualities necessary to win in the stern strife of actual life.Theodore Roosevelt
I have a tendency to sabotage relationships; I have a tendency to sabotage everything. Fear of success, fear of failure, fear of being afraid. Useless, good-for-nothing thoughts.Michael Buble
To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.Nelson Mandela
A man’s errors are his portals of discovery.James Joyce
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.Mae West
Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim.John D. Rockefeller
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.Muhammad Ali
Do it or don’t do it — you will regret both.Søren Kierkegaard
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.The Sorcerer’s Stone
And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be goodJohn Steinbeck
It’s not about perfect. It’s about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that’s where transformation happens. That’s how change occurs.Jillian Michaels
I'm a gay disabled man who has become very successful. I don't get up in the morning and think I'm inspirational; I just get up thinking that I love horses.Lee Pearson
You know you've reached true success the day you become truly humble. That's the day you stop needing to prove to the world - and yourself - that you've accomplished something meaningful.Naveen Jain
Action is the foundational key to all success.Pablo Picasso
To be prepared is half the victory.Miguel de Cervantes
A person destiny is what he thinks of himself.Govind Dixit
Don't blame others as an excuse for your not working hard enough.Unknown
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds.Orison Swett Marden
My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success.Isaac Newton
You have to be odd to be number one.Dr. Suess
After all, our Killers are our …Brothers!!??Bal Gangadhara Tilak
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.George A. Sheehan
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success: Concentration, Discrimination, Organization, Innovation and Communication.Harold S. Geneen
The struggle ends when the gratitude begins.Unknown
In inner-city, low-income communities of color, there's such a high correlation in terms of educational quality and success.Bill Gates
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. Dale Carnegie
Teachers are always trying to inspire people to do better, to learn, to grow. That's what we do, and we're proud of the success we've had here doing that, and it's something we'll certainly continue to do.Nick Saban
Hip-hop is more about attaining wealth. People respect success. They respect big. They don't even have to like your music. If you're big enough, people are drawn to you.Jay-Z
If you’re going through hell keep going.Winston Churchill
You are not free until you have no need to impress anybody.Joyce Meyer
Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind and emotions.Will Smith
The saddest aspect of life right now is that gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.Isaac Asimov
People are capable at any time in their lives, of doing what they dream of.Paulo Coelho
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.Walt Disney
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.Henry David Thoreau
Who would have thought that a tap-dancing penguin would outpoint James Bond at the box office? And deserve to? Not that there's anything wrong with 'Casino Royale.' But 'Happy Feet' - written and directed by George Miller - is a complete charmer, even if, in the way of most family fare, it can't resist straying into the Inspirational.Robert Gottlieb
Hope is but the dream of those who wake.Matthew Prior
Knowing what must be done does away with fear.Rosa Parks
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.Dale Carnegie
Even if you fall on your face you’re still moving forward.Victor Kiam
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.Henri L. Bergson
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.George Lorimer
It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop.Confucius
Nothing is impossible to him who will try.Alexander The Great
Doing your best means never stop trying.Unknown
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.William James
I've always thought of acting as more of an exercise in empathy, which is not to be confused with sympathy. You're trying to get inside a certain emotional reality or motivational reality and try to figure out what that's about so you can represent it.Edward Norton
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.Harriet Beecher Stowe
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it.Washington Irving
Failure is the key to success; each mistake teaches us something.Morihei Ueshiba
Most people give up just when they're about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown.Ross Perot
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.Unknown
When I do something, it is all about self-discovery. I want to learn and discover my own limitsLarry Ellison
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Every thought plants a seed to one of your actions. Every action, good or bad, will yield a consequence. The person who takes good steps every day, cannot help but reap a harvest of awesome results.Robin Sharma
Thus they have an idol that they petition for victory in war; another for success in their labors; and so for everything in which they seek or desire prosperity, they have their idols, which they honor and serve.Hernan Cortes
Anyone who stops learning is old.Henry Ford
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.Florence Nightingale
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can't have it. Robert Anthony
Our success as a global brand has been directly related to how we select locations where we are confident our particular clients desire to be. Los Cabos, Mexico is the ideal Engel & Volkers market, growing in popularity among world luxury travelers seeking exceptional properties for second home opportunities.Anthony Hitt
Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness.Allen Ginsberg
You got this. Make it happen.Danielle LaPorte
You don’t measure a man’s greatness by his physical size, but by his acts, by the impact he makes on human history.Soichiro Honda
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.John F. Kennedy
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.H. G. Wells
I worked half my life to be an overnight success, and still it took me by surprise.Jessica Savitch
Don't take criticism from someone you wouldn't take advice.Anonymous
Real success is not, like, materialistic. It's being where you want to be when you want to be; just living your life how you feel; having an ultimate goal and being able to accomplish it.Lindsey Wixson
You cannot change what you are, only what you do.Philip Pullman
Do I prefer to grow up and relate to life directly, or do I choose to live and die in fear?Pema Chodron
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right.Unknown
Our heritage and ideals, our code and standards - the things we live by and teach our children - are preserved or diminished by how freely we exchange ideas and feelings.Walt Disney
Criticism is inevitable—unless you do nothing important with your life.The Minimalists
We do not celebrate people who have made success out of serious hard work.Iain Duncan Smith
Success is a journey, not a destination.Ben Sweetland
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.Kurt Cobain
Do what you feel right, for you'll be criticised anyway.Eleanor Roosevelt
And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.Isaac Asimov
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient.Gurbaksh Chahal
Success in business today requires real-time, mobile access to business opportunities.Bob McDonnell
Knowing what must be done does away with fear.Rosa Parks
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday.John Wayne
What are the most powerful words in the universe? The ones you use to talk to yourself.Karen Salmansohn
But only in their dreams can men be truly free. It was always thus and always thus will be.Robin Willaims
For me, success is a state of mind. I feel like success isn't about conquering something; it's being happy with who you are.Britney Spears
Well, certainly one of the ironies of the success of affirmative action is that the middle class within the black community no longer lives within 'black community' by and large.Henry Louis Gates
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can’t just accept the ones you like.Mike Gafka
It's fine to celebrate success, but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.Bill Gates
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovationsSteve Jobs
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.Alice Walker
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.Walter Scott
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn’t have the power to say yes.Eleanor Roosevelt
We must be the change we wish to see in the worldMahatma Gandhi
Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand-and melting like a snowflake.Francis Bacon Sr.
All great achievements require time.Maya Angelou
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.Maya Angelou
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.Aristotle
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.Ralph Waldo Emerson
When you innovate, you’ve got to be prepared for everyone telling you you’re nuts.Larry Ellison
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.Sun Tzu
Two roads diverged in a wood and I  took the one less traveled by, and that made all the difference.Robert Frost 
I think the biggest challenge is to continue on the same path. I think it's easy to become complacent from the success you've had.Jason Derulo
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.Theodore Roosevelt
The chief executive officer is also the chief sales officer. He or she is responsible for the success of the company and making a profit. The closer the CEO is to the everyday selling process, bringing in business, the more successful the company will become.Jeffrey Gitomer
One goes through school, college, medical school and one's internship learning little or nothing about goodness but a good deal about success.Ashley Montagu
The fame of heroes owes little to the extent of their conquests and all to the success of the tributes paid to them.Jean Genet
Being kind is the most important thing I've ever been taught. That's what my parents always told me - more important than ambition or success is being kind to people. The cornerstone of my life. What I aspire to is to be kind.Rafe Spall
Art, freedom and creativity will change society faster than politics.Victor Pinchuk
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want.Zig Ziglar
Success doesn't necessarily come from breakthrough innovation but from flawless execution. A great strategy alone won't win a game or a battle; the win comes from basic blocking and tackling.Naveen Jain
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.Bill Cosby
The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success?Larry Flynt
I'm used to adversity and working really well in difficult situations. It was hard for me to accept the success.Paula Cole
If something stands between you and your success, move it. Never be denied.Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, professional wrestler and actor
A hard fall means a high bounce…if you’re made of the right material.Unknown
Do not watch the clock. Do what it does. Keep going.Sam Levenson
We become what we think about.Earl Nightingale
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it.Unknown
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.Colin R. Davis
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
A goal is a dream with a deadline.Napoleon Hill
I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has had to overcome while trying to succeed.Booker T. Washington
After a storm comes a calm.Matthew Henry
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.Jim Rohn
 A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.Charles Darwin
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.Walt Disney
What you seek is seeking you.Rumi
A critical factor in its success was that the X developers were willing to give the sources away for free in accordance with the hacker ethic, and able to distribute them over the Internet.Eric S. Raymond
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.Roy T. Bennett
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feelMaya Angelou
Almost every college playwright or sketch or improv comedian was sort of aware of Christopher Durang - even kids in high school. His short plays were so accessible to younger people and I think that was inspirational to me.Mindy Kaling
My past is not a memory. It's a force at my back. It pushes and steers. I may not always like where it leads me, but like any story, the past needs resolution. What's past is prologue.Samus Aran (Metroid: Other M)
The success combination in business is: Do what you do better... and: do more of what you do.David Joseph Schwartz
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.Steve Jobs
People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.Rob Siltanen
The one thing that makes me feel super lucky about my financial success is that I have a housekeeper.Gwen Stefani
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The successful man doesn't use others, other people use the successful man, for above all the success is of service.Mark Caine
It always seems impossible until it is done.Nelson Mandela
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.Napoleon Bonaparte
Once you have a lot of success, you become a target in many ways.Jennifer Lopez
A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success.Robert Orben
The success of a production depends on the attention paid to detail.David O. Selznick
In business, you can have one massive success that earns $50 million overnight, and that's it. You're successful. End of story. But in the music business, you have to keep on doing it.Noel Gallagher
Never let go of that fiery sadness called desire.Patti Smith
Let your action manifest your thought, your belief and your passion.Mohammed Ali Bapir
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction.Al Bernstein
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. Swami Sivananda
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.W. Clement Stone
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.Thomas A. Edison
In most things success depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.Charles de Montesquieu
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.Napoleon Bonaparte
Passion is what gives meaning to our lives. It's what allows us to achieve success beyond our wildest imagination. Try to find a career path that you have a passion for.Henry Samueli
I have amazing friends who have led inspirational lives.Andrew Shue
If You Are Working On Something That You Really Care About, You Don’t Have To Be Pushed. The Vision Pulls You.Steve Jobs
Everyone who achieves success in a great venture, solves each problem as they came to it. They helped themselves. And they were helped through powers known and unknown to them at the time they set out on their voyage. They keep going regardless of the obstacles they met.W. Clement Stone
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.Henry David Thoreau
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.Arnold Schwarzenegger
I do like alternative rock and rap, but as far as inspirational, then I go full-on orchestra. It fills up your entire being.Osric Chau
My success isn't a result of arrogance - it's a result of belief.Conor McGregor
Success is not built on success. It’s built on failure. It’s built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.Sumner Redstone
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.Helen Keller
Thus they have an idol that they petition for victory in war; another for success in their labors; and so for everything in which they seek or desire prosperity, they have their idols, which they honor and serve.Hernan Cortes
It is true that the aristocracies seem to have abused their monopoly of legal knowledge; and at all events their exclusive possession of the law was a formidable impediment to the success of those popular movements which began to be universal in the western world.Henry James Sumner Maine
It is the combination of reasonable talent and the ability to keep going in the face of defeat that leads to success.Martin Seligman
Try not to become a man of success, but a man of value.Albert Einstein
Do not watch the clock. Do what it does. Keep going.Sam Levenson
Entrepreneurship is like a computer game in which you have to master every level before achieving success. Startups repeatedly stumble and have to go back to the drawing board. The best way to skip some levels and to increase the odds of survival is to learn from others who have already played the game.Vivek Wadhwa
People say we were an overnight success. It took us a year to be an overnight success.James Daly
I'm a gay disabled man who has become very successful. I don't get up in the morning and think I'm inspirational; I just get up thinking that I love horses.Lee Pearson
I went to a motivational training course once, a course of self-discovery, and I found out after a week that my fear - it was not a fear of not being accepted - was a very violent fear of failure.Emanuel Steward
Do you remember any instance where tyranny was destroyed and freedom established on its ruins, among a people possessing so small a share of virtue and public spirit? I recollect none, and this more than the British arms makes me fearful of final success, without a reform.Patrick Henry
Success is finding satisfaction in giving a little more than you take.Christopher Reeve
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.William James
A corporation’s primary goal is to make money.Larry Ellison
Don’t complain about what you don’t have. Use what you’ve got. To be less than your best is a sin.Oprah Winfrey
Once you have a lot of success, you become a target in many ways.Jennifer Lopez
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.Pablo Picasso
If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun.APJ Abdul Kalam
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.George Orwell
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.George S. Patton
I think 'Heroes of Cosplay' will show a lot of the positive things, like how much effort it takes to make a costume. These people on the show aren't taking shortcuts. As long as that effort gets through to the viewers, we will be inspirational. Then there will be people who watch the show that want to get in and hands-on make outfits.Yaya Han
All I can do will only ever be a faint image of what I see and my success will always be less than my failure or perhaps equal to the failure.Alberto Giacometti
You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life.H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's angle as well as from your own.Henry Ford
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking.Brian Tracy
Riding a race bike is an art - a thing that you do because you feel something inside.Valentino Rossi
You are not free until you have no need to impress anybody.Joyce Meyer
We are constantly emphasizing to people that they need to address anything that affects flight safety or mission success - many pathways to do that. We need to understand better what may be preventing people from using those pathways.Ellen Ochoa
I demolish my bridges behind me...then there is no choice but to move forward.Fridtjof Nansen
Note to self: Keep going. You’re doing great. You might not be where you want to be yet, but that’s okay. Just take it one step at a time and keep believing in yourself. And remember: No matter what happens, you can still enjoy your life and be happy.Lori Deschene
You can’t be great if you don’t feel great. Make exceptional health your number one priority.Robin Sharma
Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth.Pema Chodron
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!Anne Frank
Academic success depends on research and publications.Philip Zimbardo
When I grew up here, there was no T-Hub. Probably, the closest to T was the Tank bund.Satya Nadella
I was perceived to be a first- to third-rounder. I kind of had a tough junior year and fell to the fifth round. At that time, it was motivational.Ryan Howard
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future.Steve Jobs
Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.Pablo Picasso
We don't have a divine right to success. So I agree with a lot of politicians out there when they say, 'We've got serious issues.' We do: immigration, infrastructure. I think income inequality's one of them.Jamie Dimon
The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda.John C. Maxwell
You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream.C.S. Lewis
Simplicity is the trademark of genius.Robin Sharma
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.Leonardo da Vinci
From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow.Aeschylus
We must balance conspicuous consumption with conscious capitalism.Kevin Krus
If you want to have the results only 5% have, you must be willing to do and think like only 5% do and think.Robin Sharma
Failure is not our only punishment for laziness; there is also the success of others.Jules Renard
I am not a has-been. I am a will be.Lauren Bacall
If I had permitted my failures, or what seemed to me at the time a lack of success, to discourage me I cannot see any way in which I would ever have made progress.Calvin Coolidge
Cooperation must be earned not demandedMaya Angelou
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.Sam Levenson
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.Nelson Mandela
It's up to you how far you go. If you don't try, you'll never know!Merlin, "Sword in the Stone"
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.Eleanor Roosevelt
Young man, the secret of my success is that at early age I discovered that I was not God.Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Today's Accomplishments Were Yesterday's Impossibilities. Robert H. Schuller
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.Robert H. Schuller
Dont lose a woman that has seen your flaws and still loves you.Nizar Qabbani
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life.Dean Koontz
Be not entangled in this world of days and nights; Thou hast another time and space as well.Muhammad Iqbal
Survival was my only hope, success my only revenge.Patricia Cornwell
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they cant lose.Bill Gates
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.Philippos
When I meet with the founders of a new company, my advice is almost always, 'Do fewer things.' It's true of partnerships, marketing opportunities, anything that's taking up your time. The vast majority of things are distractions, and very few really matter to your success.Evan Williams
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.George Addair
Life’s challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they’re supposed to help you discover who you are.Bernice Johnson Reagon
In sports teams, apart from talk of sporting prowess and the imparting of inspirational thought, an extraordinary amount of time is spent discussing, and flaunting, material possessions.Harsha Bhogle
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something--your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.Steve Jobs
The leaders who we admire who have been able to bring great change in the past - Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Nelson Mandela - they're all inspirational religious leaders and smart tacticians. It would be nice to find the Muslim Gandhi, wouldn't it?Dennis C. Blair
May I never be complete. May I never be content. May I never be perfect.Chuck Palahniuk
It's as if inside the White House the belief in Obama's inspirational charisma is still such that every time the ugliness of brute politics intrudes, it's a startling revelation.Tina Brown
For every two minutes of glamour, there are eight hours of hard work.Jessica Savitch
I'll tell you, there is nothing better in life than being a late bloomer. I believe that success can happen at any time and at any age.Salma Hayek
There are three rules.
1. If you do not go after what you want, you will never have it.
2. If you do not ask, the answer will always be no.
3. If you do not step forward, you will remain in the same place.Unknown
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.George Sand
My success was not based so much on any great intelligence but on great common sense.Helen Gurley Brown
If you are the greatest, why would you go around talking about it?Joe Rogan
Everyday may not be good but there is something good in everyday.Anonymous
Fear comes in two packages fear of failure, and sometimes, fear of success.Tom Kite
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.Mary Kay Ash
Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for.Immanuel Kant
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.Walt Disney
Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet.Sarah Louise Delany
We're not afraid of risking what was our success yesterday in order to explore some new field. We're adventurous. We like the challenge of unknown territory, unknown artistic field, and that's what stimulates us.Guy Laliberte
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.Wayne Gretzky
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.Brian Tracy
I am hitting my head against the walls, but the walls are giving way.Gustav Mahler
Only the educated are free.Epictetus
To be like the rock that the waves keep crashing over. It stands unmoved and the raging of the sea falls still around it.Marcus Aurelius
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.Walt Disney
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.Will Smith
Courage, my friends; 'tis not too late to build a better world.Tommy Douglas
He understood well enough how a man with a choice between pride and responsibility will almost always choose pride—if responsibility robs him of his manhood.Stephen King
The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they’ve found it.Terry Pratchett
Dullness in matters of government is a good sign, and not a bad one - in particular, dullness in parliamentary government is a test of its excellence, an indication of its success.Walter Bagehot
Success cannot come from standstill men. Methods change and men must change with them.James Cash Penney
Life has a way of testing a person’s will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen at once.Paulo Coelho
Normal is not something to aspire to, it’s something to get away from.Jodie Foster
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.Wayne Dyer
I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.Brittany Murphy
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.Oscar Wilde
In 20 years, you probably won't even remember this.Anonymous
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.Benjamin Franklin
Sometimes the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.Iroh
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.John Wooden
It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy we face the storm and defy it.Amelia Barr
Few things are more important to each individual's future success or to our nation's prosperity than education.Mark Kennedy
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched — they must be felt with the heart.Helen Keller
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.Winston Churchill
We all learn lessons in life. Some stick, some don't. I have always learned more from rejection and failure than from acceptance and success.Henry Rollins
My future is righteousness.Bob Marley
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.Unknown
If there were no night, we would not appreciate the day, nor could we see the stars and the vastness of the heavens. We must partake of the bitter with the sweet. There is a divine purpose in the adversities we encounter every day. They prepare, they purge, they purify, and thus they bless.James E. Faust
Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own.Michelle Obama
The first and most important step toward success is the feeling that we can succeed.Nelson Boswell
Don’t wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.Barbara Baron
It's cool to have critical success because it's always nice for your peers to say, 'Good job.' But who cares about them?Zac Hanson
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!Audrey Hepburn
You'll never convince me there is a hopeless situation or there is any finality in any success or any failure.Carlos Ghosn
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Failure is a bruise, not a tattoo.Jon Sinclair
People fall forward to success.Mary Kay Ash
A desire to be in charge of our own lives, a need for control, is born in each of us. It is essential to our mental health, and our success, that we take control.Robert Foster Bennett
A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there.Meister Eckhart
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.Nathaniel Hawthorne
Success is 99 percent failure.Soichiro Honda
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse.Florence Nightingale
I've been very lucky to have achieved a lot of the things that I dreamt of achieving as a young man. But, at the end of the day - and I truly believe this - it is not about achieving great wealth or success. Because they don't bring happiness, ultimately.Leonardo DiCaprio
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction. George Lorimer
We all romanticize the people we adore.John Green
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.Oscar Wilde
Often, these downplay the power of cultural imperialism - in that sense, playing the game of US interests - by reassuring us that the global success of American mass culture is not as bad as all that.Fredric Jameson
Be yourself. Everyone else is already taken.Oscar Wilde
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.Anatole France
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.Kevin Kruse
The main thing is to be moved, to love, to hope, to tremble, to live.Auguste Rodin
The key to accepting responsibility for your life is to accept the fact that your choices, every one of them, are leading you inexorably to either success or failure, however you define those terms.Neal Boortz
Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.Will Rogers
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.Martin Luther
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something--your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.Steve Jobs
Yes I have made a lot of money and I have a lot of respect, my films have done well, and I know there are loads of loads of people who look up to me and really love me. I really just thought this is like a strange dream. I have never thought this is a success - I don't have a standard.Shah Rukh Khan
Whatever obstacle comes your way, you gotta be prepared to jump over it! And I think that's what separates the legends from the regular artists. It's all in how you manage that success, and how you deal with the controversy when it actually comes.Akon
A year from now you will wish you had started today.Karen Lamb
Dont settle. Dont finish crappy books. If you dont like the menu, leave the restaurant. If youre not on the right path, get off it.Chris Brogan
My goal in my career is to inspire people, is to get my music out there and have people enjoy it, and have people think of me as an inspirational artist.Christina Grimmie
If you put off everything till you're sure of it, you'll never get anything done.Norman Vincent Peale
Become one of the rare people who don’t know how to quit.Robin Sharma
What were once only hopes for the future have now come to pass; it is almost exactly 13 years since the overwhelming majority of people in Ireland and Northern Ireland voted in favour of the agreement signed on Good Friday 1998, paving the way for Northern Ireland to become the exciting and inspirational place that it is today.Queen Elizabeth II
People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life.Carrie-Anne Moss
I wrote '('Til) I Kissed You' about a girl I met in Australia. Her name was Lilian, and she was very, very inspirational. I was married, but... I wrote the song about her on the way back home.Don Everly
Never did a government commence under auspices so favorable, nor ever was success so complete.James Monroe
If you don't ask, you don't get.Stevie Wonder
As kids we're not taught how to deal with success; we're taught how to deal with failure. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. If at first you succeed, then what?Charlie Sheen
Personal relationships are the fertile soil from which all advancement, all success, all achievement in real life grows.Ben Stein
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.Leonardo da Vinci
You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever.This approach has never let me down.Steve Jobs
Anyone can exist. Most fools do. It takes guts to truly Live.RMV
If You Are Working On Something That You Really Care About, You Don’t Have To Be Pushed. The Vision Pulls You.Steve Jobs
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.Vince Lombardi
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.Norman Vincent Peale
Do more of what makes you happy. Carmel McConnell
We are constantly emphasizing to people that they need to address anything that affects flight safety or mission success - many pathways to do that. We need to understand better what may be preventing people from using those pathways.Ellen Ochoa
A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.Jack Dempsey
Trust the process.John Sonmez
Quality is much better than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles.Steve Jobs
Hitch your wagon to a star.Ralph Waldo Emerson
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.Lucy Larcom
We don’t develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.Barbara De Angelis
It's not just the 'Grammys' that I've pulled out of. I also pulled out of the English awards as well. The reason that I wanted to pull out was because I believe very much that the music industry as a whole is mainly concerned with material success.Alanis Morissette
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.Unknown
Prospering just doesn't have to do with money.Joel Osteen
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.Lao Tzu
You cannot move things by not moving.Suzy Kassem
Success in the majority of circumstances depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.Charles de Montesquieu
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.Ella Fitzgerald
My success was due to good luck, hard work, and support and advice from friends and mentors. But most importantly, it depended on me to keep trying after I had failed.Mark Warner
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.Proverb
Thought is the original source of all wealth, all success, all material gain, all great discoveries and inventions, and of all achievement.Claude M. Bristol
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.Brian Tracy
If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud.Emile Zola
From its brilliancy everything is illuminated.Guru Nanak
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.Edwin Markham
Welcome the present moment as if you had invited it. It is all we ever have so we might as well work with it rather than struggle against it. We might as well make it our friend and teacher rather than our enemy.Pema Chodron
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.Unknown
You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.Arnold Schwarzenegger
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.Vince Lombardi
If my writing comes to a halt, I head to the shops: I find them very inspirational. And if I get into real trouble with my plot, I go out for a pizza with my husband.Sophie Kinsella
There are a lot of things that go into creating success. I don't like to do just the things I like to do. I like to do things that cause the company to succeed. I don't spend a lot of time doing my favorite activities.Michael Dell
I suppose your security is your success and your key to success is your fine palate.Gordon Ramsay
All power is within you; you can do anything and everything.Swami Vivekananda
Life is short. Do big things.Robin Sharma
You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?Rumi
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.Henry David Thoreau
Worrying is stupid. It's like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it to rain.Wiz Khalifa
Wars may be fought with weapons, but they are won by men. It is the spirit of the men who follow and of the man who leads that gains the victory.George S. Patton
A strong passion for any object will ensure success, for the desire of the end will point out the means.Henry Hazlitt
Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth.Pema Chodron
I am strong because I've been weak. I am fearless because I've been afraid. I am wise because I've been foolish.Unknown
What they have done in Japan, which I find so inspirational, is they've brought the toilet out from behind the locked door. They've made it conversational. People go out and upgrade their toilet. They talk about it. They've sanitized it.Rose George
In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of natureWallace Stevens
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity.Louis Pasteur
The struggle ends when the gratitude begins.Unknown
Somehow I can’t believe that there are any heights that can’t be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true. This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four C s. They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy.Walt Disney
The survival of liberty in our land increasingly depends on the success of liberty in other lands. The best hope for peace in our world is the expansion of freedom in all the world.Bill Frist
Knock the 't' off the 'can't'George Reeves
The more real you get, the more unreal the world gets.John Lennon
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.Charles Luckman
I don't believe in taking right decisions. I take decisions and then make them right.Ratan Tata
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.Plato
Those at the top of the mountain didn't fall there.Marcus Washling
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.Desmond Tutu
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.Larry Page
Every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not the sitterOscar Wilde
I’ve learned that something constructive comes from every defeat.Tom Landry
You cannot allow your desire to be a winner to be diminished by achieving success before and I believe there is room for improvement in every sportsman.Lionel Messi
I'm a motivational speaker.Young Jeezy
The reason a lot of people do not recognize opportunity is because it usually goes around wearing overalls looking like hard work.Thomas A. Edison
I hope that at the end of the seven years, people will say that I have been of some inspirational value to them at home in terms of inclusiveness and abroad, I look forward to representing Ireland.Michael D. Higgins
Love the moment and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.Corita Kent
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a dropRumi
We are here to make another world.W. Edwards Deming
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.Bill Gates
The negative side of the American Dream comes when people pursue success at any cost, which in turn destroys the vision and the dream.Azar Nafisi
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. Dale Carnegie
The more you Learn, the more you Earn.Warren Buffett
You dream. You plan. You reach. There will be obstacles. There will be doubters. There will be mistakes. But with hard work, with belief, with confidence and trust in yourself and those around you, there are no limits.Michael Phelps, swimmer and Olympic gold medalist
We are disturbed not by what happens to us, but by our thoughts about what happens.Epictetus
Success is the sum of details.Harvey S. Firestone
I want to build a legacy at the WWE, but I definitely want to continue to grow the Bella Empire. I want it to go beyond the ring. I would love to be a motivational speaker.Nikki Bella
We need to accept that the commandments of God aren't just a long list of good ideas. They aren't 'life hacks' from an Internet blog or motivational quotes from a Pinterest board.Dieter F. Uchtdorf
The journey is the reward.Steve Jobs
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.Ayn Rand
There is nothing permanent except change.Heraclitus
The success and the failure are not my concern, but His.Joseph Barber Lightfoot
You never know when some small thing will lead to a big idea. Travel is very inspirational - but it's in the ordinary that I find my themes of love and work and family.Adriana Trigiani
Flow is a state of being when we are completely focused, and fully immersed in what we are doing. In flow our work seems effortless, creativity goes into overdrive, we feel inspired, and motivation springs forth from within.Dragos Bratasanu
Everything you need for better future and success has already been written. And guess what? All you have to do is go to the library.Henri Frederic Amiel
The goal is not to get rich. The goal is to live rich.Darren Hardy
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.Winston Churchill
Do it now.Sometimes 'later' becomes 'never'. Anonymous
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.Thomas Jefferson
The Pessimist Sees Difficulty In Every Opportunity. The Optimist Sees Opportunity In Every Difficulty.Winston Churchill
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.Henry Ford
At the age of 18, I made up my mind to never have another bad day in my life. I dove into a endless sea of gratitude from which I've never emerged.Patch Adams
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.Maureen Dowd
Every adversity, every failure, every heartbreak, carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.Napoleon Hill
If you trust in yourself and believe in your dreams and follow your star, you’ll still get beaten by people who spent their time working hard and learning things and weren’t so lazy.Terry Pratchett
It's harder to be a success, globally, and be artistic. Harder to have that balance than just to be artistic when nobody understands you.Andre Benjamin
The only journey is the one within.Rainer Maria Rilke
Once GNU is written, everyone will be able to obtain good system software free, just like air.Richard Stallman
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.Albert Einstein
Don’t be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.Unknown
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.Bruce Lee
 Nothing great ever came that easy.Kresley Cole
Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive.Matt Cameron
I have no time for those who say there is no way Scotland could go it alone. I know first-hand the contribution Scotland and Scots make to Britain's success - so for me there's no question about whether Scotland could be an independent nation.David Cameron
You just hope that you will get the opportunity to do what you love and pay your bills, and that is being a success as an actor.Debra Messing
Success is about enjoying what you have and where you are, while pursuing achievable goals.Bo Bennett
Every artist was first an amateur.Ralph Waldo Emerson
In fact, I wouldn't really call this a Gospel album, I call it more an inspirational album.Smokey Robinson
People think you’re crazy if you talk about things they don’t understand.Elvis Presley
Political tyranny is nothing compared to social tyranny and a reformer who defies society is a more courageous man than a politician who defies government.B. R. Ambedkar
The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda.John C. Maxwell
Young people need the hands-on training that comes with a summer job. They need to know how to dress for success and nail job interviews. But most of all, they need mentorship, guidance, and inspiration.Hilda Solis
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.Francis of Assisi
We've stayed really normal and down to Earth I think, and haven't let the success thing go to our head.Ashley Olsen
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have beenMark Twain
Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?Tony Robbins
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.Anne Frank
You must learn to be still in the midst of activity and to be vibrantly alive in repose.Indira Gandhi
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.Walt Disney
Feel the fear and do it anyway.Susan Jeffers
After a lifetime of working, raising families, and contributing to the success of this nation in countless other ways, senior citizens deserve to retire with dignity.Charlie Gonzalez
There are times in life when people must know when not to let go. Balloons are designed to teach small children this.Terry Pratchett
You have power over your mind -- not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.Marcus Aurelius
You can't give up on your dreams.Anderson Silva
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brainMark Twain
From success you get a lot of things, but not that great inside thing that love brings you.Samuel Goldwyn
It's okay to have a bad dayUnknown
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more.Tony Robbins
Life isn’t always fair. Some people are born into better environments. Some people have better genetics. Some are in the right place at the right time. If you’re trying to change your life, all of this is irrelevant. All that matters is that you accept where you are, figure out where you want to be, and then do what you can, today and every day, to hold your head high and keep moving forward.Lori Deschene
No pessimist ever discovered the secret of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new doorway for the human spirit.Helen Keller
So I feel like success is opportunity plus preparation, so work begets work, and as long as you're prepared it's going to continue to come your way.Anthony Mackie
You may delay, but time will not. Benjamin Franklin
I would probably work with Drake as he is massively inspirational to me as a writer as well as an artist. If not him, then Susan Boyle!Conor Maynard
Be so good at what you do that you leave people breathless by your performance.Robin Sharma
The pessimistic says: «I'll it believe when I see it». The optimistic says «I'll see it when I believe it».Zig Ziglar
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.Barack Obama
Success consecrates the most offensive crimes.Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.Desiderius Erasmus
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all.Sam Ewing
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.William Ellery Channing
You never know how much can you do in your life.Jack Ma
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.Joseph Prince
Success is about dedication. You may not be where you want to be or do what you want to do when you're on the journey. But you've got to be willing to have vision and foresight that leads you to an incredible end.Usher
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.Thomas A. Edison
The system that enables the most people to earn the most success is free enterprise, by matching up people's skills, interests, and abilities. In contrast, redistribution simply spreads money around. Even worse, it attenuates the ability to earn success by perverting economic incentives.Arthur C. Brooks
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.Joyce Brothers
Man needs difficulties in life because they are necessary to enjoy the success.A.P.J Abdul Kalam
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.Jim Rohn
Humor is man's greatest blessing.Mark Twain
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.Jim Rohn
I wonder how many times people give up just before a breakthrough - when they are on the very brink of success.Joyce Meyer
True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful.Paul Sweeney
Refuse to accept the belief that your professional relevance, career success or financial security turns on the next update on the latest technology. Sometimes it's good to put the paddle down and just let the canoe glide.Simon Mainwaring
I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings.Gustave Flaubert
He who is outside his door has the hardest part of his journey behind him.Dutch proverb
There is no shame in fear, what matters is how we face it.Jon Snow
An empowered organisation is one in which individuals have the knowledge, skill, desire, and opportunity to personally succeed in a way that leads to collective organisational success.Stephen Covey
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.Helen Keller
Be willing to do what’s hard now to enjoy what’s beautiful later.Robin Sharma
Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.Nolan Ryan
The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest; success only comes later.Confucius
Never trouble another for what you can do for yourself.Thomas Jefferson
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.Les Brown
Therefore, if one were to consider that there was virtually no possibility of success through the US-Japan negotiations, the military and economic pressures would only force Japan into further crisis if time were allowed to pass in vain.Hideki Tojo
Quality is much better than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles.Steve Jobs
A concerted effort to preserve our heritage is a vital link to our cultural, educational, aesthetic, inspirational, and economic legacies - all of the things that quite literally make us who we are.Steve Berry
If you want to be successful, you must respect one rule – Never lie to yourself.Paulo Coelho
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.Anonymous
Love the life you live, live the life you love.Bob Marley
Be the hero of your own life storyGerard Butler
The goal of life is living in agreement with nature.Zeno
If I create from the heart, nearly everything works; if from the head, almost nothing.Marc Chagall
Change your thoughts and you change your world.Norman Vincent Peale
I don't dwell on success. Maybe that's one reason I'm successful.Calvin Klein
Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on the faces of the people who said you couldn’t will be priceless.Kevin Ngo
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.Mahatma Gandhi
Music doesn’t lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music.Jimi Hendrix
It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called lifeTerry Pratchett
How does one measure the success of a museum?J. Paul Getty
I realise that I do not change the course of history. I am an actor, I do a movie, that's the end of it. You have to realise we are just clowns for hire. After I had success it was great, at first, not to worry about money. It was on my mind when I was growing up.Leonardo DiCaprio
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.Carl Sandburg
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.Dale Carnegie
Great hopes make great men.Thomas Fuller
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.Eleanor Roosevelt
Failure is not our only punishment for laziness; there is also the success of others.Jules Renard
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.Arnold H. Glasow
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.James Joyce
My first book was called, 'Mountain, Get Out of My Way,' where I did an autobiographical sketch, if you will, looking back at myself and looking back at things in my life, and juxtaposing them against things that are happening in other people's lives and trying to be motivational.Montel Williams
Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it.Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.Henry David Thoreau
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.Thomas A. Edison
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life--think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.Swami Vivekananda
Someone else's success does not equal a failure for you.Joe Rogan
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.Arthur Ashe
Life is like riding a bicycle. In order to maintain balance, you must keep moving.Albert Einstein
If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate.Thomas J. Watson
I'm different, and I have to be a warrior to be that way. But I have had some success; I hope I have touched the lives of some wonderful people, all by being what I see as myself but some others people see as different.Johnny Weir
Success depends in a very large measure upon individual initiative and exertion, and cannot be achieved except by a dint of hard work.Anna Pavlova
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to it until you get thereBob Proctor
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.Les Brown
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.Og Mandino
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.Vincent Van Gogh
Creative risk taking is essential to success in any goal where the stakes are high. Thoughtless risks are destructive, of course, but perhaps even more wasteful is thoughtless caution which prompts inaction and promotes failure to seize opportunity.Gary Ryan Blair
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.Joyce Brothers
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.Thomas A. Edison
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?George Carlin
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it... Success is shy - it won't come out while you're watching.Tennessee Williams
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.Dalai Lama
There is no success without hardship.Sophocles
What would you do if you weren’t afraid?Sheryl Sandberg
The starting point of all achievement is desire.Napoleon Hill
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.Jim Rohn
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.Ayn Rand
Before you can become a millionaire, you must learn to think like one. You must learn how to motivate yourself to counter fear with courage. Making critical decisions about your career, business, investments and other resources conjures up fear, fear that is part of the process of becoming a financial success.Thomas J. Stanley
If you make a superior product, people will buy it.Soichiro Honda
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.Dale Carnegie
I decided to be happy because it's good for my health.Voltaire
My biggest thrill is when I plan something and it fails. My mind is then filled with ideas on how I can improve it.Soichiro Honda
The secret to success is good leadership, and good leadership is all about making the lives of your team members or workers better.Tony Dungy
Creativity takes courage.Henri Matisse
I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.John D. Rockefeller
Strange, isn’t it? Each man’s life touches so many other lives. When he isn’t around he leaves an awful hole, doesn’t he?Clarence the angel, from It’s a Wonderful Life
The only yardstick for success our society has is being a champion. No one remembers anything else.John Madden
There's more to life than success, and if you can try to be more well-rounded, you'll be able to enjoy your success more. It won't own you or control you.Ricky Williams
Excellence can be obtained if you care more than others think is wise, risk more than others think is safe, dream more than others think is practical, expect more than others think is possible.Unknown
Cut your excuses in half and double your actions around your goals.Robin Sharma
When you go to where your fear lives, your freedom starts to display itself.Robin Sharma
A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement.Bo Bennet
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.Winston Churchill
Great achievers are driven, not so much by the pursuit of success but by the fear of failure.Larry Ellison
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.Robert Green Ingersoll
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.Joel Osteen
The person who makes a success of living is the one who sees his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly.Cecil B. DeMille
Life isn’t always fair. Some people are born into better environments. Some people have better genetics. Some are in the right place at the right time. If you’re trying to change your life, all of this is irrelevant. All that matters is that you accept where you are, figure out where you want to be, and then do what you can, today and every day, to hold your head high and keep moving forward.Lori Deschene
If you make it plain you like people, it's hard for them to resist liking you back.Lois McMaster Bujold
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every timeTerry Pratchett
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.Mark Twain
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.John R. Wooden
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, bring others along.Unknown
No! Try not. Do, or do not, there is no try.Yoda
I don’t count my sit-ups; I only start counting when it starts hurting because they’re the only ones that count.Muhammad Ali
Success is not in never failing, but rising everytime you fall!Jonathan Taylor Thomas
Only the educated are free.Epictetus
Excellence can be obtained if you care more than others think is wise, risk more than others think is safe, dream more than others think is practical, expect more than others think is possible.Unknown
I wish the Peace Corps and its volunteers continued success and perseverance. We are grateful for their contributions to society and dedication to providing assistance where it is needed. May the Peace Corps continue its legacy of service, both at home and abroad.Kenny Marchant
If you fear failure, you will never go anywhere.Unknown
There are glimpses of heaven to us in every act, or thought, or word, that raises us above ourselves.Robert Quillen
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.Mark Twain
There are thousands of inspirational stories waiting to be told about young women who yearn for a great education. They are stories of struggle and stories of success, and they will inspire others to take action and work to change lives.Soledad O'Brien
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.Abraham Lincoln
Of all the things I've done, the most vital is coordinating those who work with me and aiming their efforts at a certain goal.Walt Disney
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.Aristotle
Don't trust people whose feelings change with time. Trust people whose feelings remain the same, even when the time changes.Bob Marley
Equations are the devil's sentences.Stephen Colbert
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.Robert Louis Stevenson
Learning to celebrate success is a key component of learning how to win in the market.Douglas Conant
Everyone in the world was programmed by the place they were born, hemmed in by their beliefs, but you had to at least try to grow your own brainScott Westerfeld
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.Solomon Ortiz
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.Desmond Tutu
We are all our own worst enemy. But also our best teacher.Gouken (Super Street Fighter IV)
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.John Wooden
The surest way to find your dream job is to create it.Unknown
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals.Jim Rohn
Just because something doesn’t do what you planned it to do doesn’t mean it’s useless.Thomas Edison
Young people need the hands-on training that comes with a summer job. They need to know how to dress for success and nail job interviews. But most of all, they need mentorship, guidance, and inspiration.Hilda Solis
Don’t let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it.Earl Nightingale
I'm thrilled to continue my partnership with U by Kotex for Generation Know while helping to empower girls. I've always been a motivational resource for my younger sisters and hope I can positively impact and inspire other young girls too.Khloe Kardashian
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.Maya Angelou
The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes.Sherlock Holmes
Everything is scary if you look at it. So you just got to live it.Mary J. Blige
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.Audrey Hepburn
Be yourself. Everyone else is already taken.Oscar Wilde
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.Joseph Campbell
I don't take success and failure seriously. The only thing I do seriously is march forward. If I fall, I get up and march again.Kareena Kapoor Khan
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.Lao Tzu
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.Denis Waitley
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.Vince Lombardi
Silent pictures show us how we lived and what our attitudes were. And as an art form, they can be wonderfully entertaining and often inspirational.Kevin Brownlow
Failure will never overtake me if my definition to succeed is strong enough.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
The question is not what you look at, but what you see.Henry David Thoreau
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.Jim Rohn
If it’s endurable, then endure it. Stop complaining.Marcus Aurelius
The more we do the more we can do.William Hazlitt
Move fast and break things. Unless you are breaking stuff, you are not moving fast enough.Mark Zuckerberg
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.Confucius
You can’t build a reputation on what you are going to do.Henry Ford
Your focus determines your reality.Qui-Gon Jinn
I've been known to write 10 pages a day for 10 days running before I take a breath. I am not a disciplined writer. I'm one of those people who laughingly call themselves inspirational writers, which basically means someone who has no control over their own creative process.Catherine Ryan Hyde
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.Unknown
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way.Eileen Caddy
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.Vince Lombardi
The culture of a workplace - an organization's values, norms and practices - has a huge impact on our happiness and success.Adam Grant
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.Vince Lombardi
You do not pay the price of success, you enjoy the price of success.Zig Ziglar
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed.Godfrey Winn
There's enormous progressive activism and, more often than not, success at the grassroots level - everything from living wage campaigns to efforts to finance our elections are having terrific success.Jim Hightower
My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success.Isaac Newton
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.Gandalf, from Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome.Booker T. Washington
Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.John C. Maxwell
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.Confucius
Failure is an option here. If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough.Elon Musk
By doing what you would do if you were exactly the person you'd like to be, you'll ultimately become that person.Brian Tracy
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do without thought of fame. If it comes at all it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after.Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there.Meister Eckhart
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.George Lucas
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.Democritus
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.Napoleon Bonaparte
My parents are very proud of my success but still worry, as I'm in a profession where there is no guarantee of work. They have always supported my decision to go into acting, but there have been tough times work-wise.David Harewood
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.Jon Bon Jovi
My mother said to me, 'If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.' Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso.Pablo Picasso
If you're going through hell,
KEEP GOING.Winston Churchill
If you're comfortable, you're not going to put yourself through the extreme pressure and pain to change your life.Dorian Yates
Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced.Leo Tolstoy
Raising children is an uncertain thing; success is reached only after a life of battle and worry.Democritus
People repeat behaviour that leads to flooding their brains with pleasurable chemicals. The short-term reward loop acts over hours to years, and the long-term reproductive success loop over generations.Keith Henson
If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it throughChinese Proverb
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.Jim Rohn
Success can make you go one of two ways. It can make you a prima donna - or it can smooth the edges, take away the insecurities, let the nice things come out.Barbara Walters
Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone.John Wooden
I have an idea of who I want to be, I have a vision of my own success.Wiz Khalifa
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.Jim Elliot
The only thing even in this world is the number of hours in a day. The difference in winning or losing is what you do with those hours.Woody Hayes
Nothing in life is to be feared; it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more so that we may fear less.Marie Curie
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.Blaise Pascal
The foundation of success in life is good health: that is the substratum fortune; it is also the basis of happiness. A person cannot accumulate a fortune very well when he is sick.P. T. Barnum
I have always been pushed by the negative. The apparent failure of a play sends me back to my typewriter that very night, before the reviews are out. I am more compelled to get back to work than if I had a success.Tennessee Williams
You never know when some small thing will lead to a big idea. Travel is very inspirational - but it's in the ordinary that I find my themes of love and work and family.Adriana Trigiani
To enjoy enduring success we should travel a little in advance of the world.John McDonald
And how can man die better than facing fearful odds, for the ashes of his fathers, and the temples of his Gods?Thomas Babington Macaulay
Gamble everything for love, if you are a true human being. Halfheartedness does not reach into majesty.Rumi
Don’t be afraid to go out on a limb. That’s where the fruit is.H. Jackson Browne
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.Robert Frost
Don't find fault. Find a remedy.Henry Ford
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.Bobby Unser
Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind and emotions.Will Smith
Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are your ready?'Johnny Carson
Success in business today requires real-time, mobile access to business opportunities.Bob McDonnell
Always remember that striving and struggle precede success, even in the dictionary.Sarah Ban Breathnach
Profound belief in something allows every individual to find an immense inner force, and to overcome his or her failings.Soichiro Honda
Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.Mitt Romney
I think baking is very rewarding, and if you follow a good recipe, you will get success.Mary Berry
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world.Malala Yousafzai
Dullness in matters of government is a good sign, and not a bad one - in particular, dullness in parliamentary government is a test of its excellence, an indication of its success.Walter Bagehot
We convince by our presence.Walt Whitman
Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.Jack Welch
I think the success that I have is due to hard work and destiny. It is important to stay grounded and not take things for granted.Alia Bhatt
Our dreams have to be bigger. Our ambitions higher. Our commitment deeper. And our efforts greater.Dhirubhai Ambani
A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.Billie Jean King
Someone places a hurdle in front of me and I can't rest until I've jumped over it.Mikoto Misaka ('A Certain Magical Index')
This is your life. Do what you love, and do it often.Unknown
Fortune befriends the bold.Emily Dickinson
A manager is a guide. He takes a group of people and says, 'With you I can make us a success; I can show you the way.'Arsene Wenger
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.Brian Tracy
If my mind can concieve it, and my heart can believe it- then I can achieve it.Muhammad Ali
Live your life like you're the hero in your own movie.Joe Rogan
Real success is finding you lifework in the work that you love.David McCullough
Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Don’t fight them. Just find a new way to stand.Oprah Winfrey
Whatever you want in life, other people are going to want it too. Believe in yourself enough to accept the idea that you have an equal right to it.Diane Sawyer
In the United States, I am a great success, but I am not a celebrity.Paulo Coelho
Rockefeller once explained the secret of success. 'Get up early, work late - and strike oil.'Joey Adams
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.Stephen Covey
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.Anatole France
Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.Mitt Romney
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.H. L. Hunt
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.Seneca
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.Dalai Lama
The one thing that I know is that you win with good people.Don Shula
Life is a series of punches. It presents a lot of challenges. It presents a lot of hardship, but the people that are able to take those punches and able to move forward are the ones that really do have a lot of success and have a lot of joy in their life and have a lot of stories to tell, too.Josh Turner
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.Napoleon Hill
Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.Charles Caleb Colton
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.Gustave Flaubert
Your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.Abraham Lincoln
If you can dream it, you can do it.Walt Disney
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.Dalai Lama
Success follows those adept at preserving the substance of the past by clothing it in the forms of the future.Dee Hock
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.Bradley Whitford
Step by step and the thing is done.Charles Atlas
If you need inspiring words, don't do it.Elon Musk
Success doesn't mean that you are healthy, success doesn't mean that you're happy, success doesn't mean that you're rested. Success really doesn't mean that you look good, or feel good, or are good.Victoria Principal
Do not struggle. Go with the flow of things, and you will find yourself at one with the mysterious unity of the Universe.Chuang Tzu
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.Rabindranath Tagore
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.George S. Patton
Desire is the most important factor in the success of any athlete.Bill Shoemaker
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.Pele
At any given moment, you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end.Christine Mason Miller
Let Actions Do Your Talkin For You, (Unless Your Telling A Good Dirty Joke)Dwayne Johnson | The Rock
The greatest success stories were created by people who recognized a problem & turned it into an opportunity.Joseph Sugarman
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.Gautama Buddha
And when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.Paulo Coelho
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open.Pauline Kael
Acting like you dont care is not letting it goPenelope Douglas
Eventually soul mates meet, for they have the same hiding place.Robert Brault
I really do believe that od is love, one of deep affection and grace and forviveness and inspirationWilliam P. Young
Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.Steve Jobs
The mind that tries to shape tomorrow beyond its capacities will find no rest.Rumi
Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours.Orison Swett Marden
Overcoming fear is the first step to success for entrepreneurs. The winners all exemplify that, and the hard work and commitment they have shown underlines what is needed to set up a business.Richard Branson
It always seems impossible until it's done.Nelson Mandela
Talent doesn't exist. Talent is wanting to do something.Jacques Brel
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.Kevin Kruse
No man is more unhappy than he who never faces adversity. For he is not permitted to prove himselfSeneca
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.Tupac Shakur
The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe.Bob Ross
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder.Natalie Gulbis
Success has always been easy to measure. It is the distance between one's origins and one's final achievement.Michael Korda
When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock, perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that last blow that did it, but all that had gone before.Jacob Riis
...but if a thing is humanly possible, consider it to be within your reach.Marcus Aurelius
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.Ann Landers
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.Albert Einstein
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.George Allen, Sr.
The real secret of success is enthusiasm.Walter Chrysler
An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it.Paul Valery
Be Brave. Take Risks. Nothing can substitute experience.Paulo Coelho
It doesn't matter where you've been, only where you are going.L.M. Fields
The first principle of success is desire - knowing what you want. Desire is the planting of your seed.Robert Collier
We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don't take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn't count unless you earn it fair and square.Michelle Obama
One of the hardest decision you'll ever face in life is choosing whether to walk away or try harder.Ziad K. Abdelnour
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.George Herbert
You are prepared!Illidan Stormrage (World of Warcraft)
At the end of the day, the one commonality that both Hindi cinema and Hollywood share is that they are full of talented and inspirational people. Outside of this, there are many differences, from the scheduling and rehearsal to promotion and directing techniques.Nargis Fakhri
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy.Unknown
I do love to eavesdrop. It's inspirational, not only for subject matter but for actual dialogue, the way people talk.Lynda Barry
Always remember that striving and struggle precede success, even in the dictionary.Sarah Ban Breathnach
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.Han Suyin
Change can either challenge or threaten us. Your beliefs pave your way to success or block you.Marsha Sinetar
Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out.Christopher Reeve
The one phrase you can use is that success has a thousand fathers, and failure is an orphan.Alan Price
I've done a reasonable amount of travelling, which I enjoyed, but not for too long at a time.Dennis Ritchie
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.Bradley Whitford
Good is not good when better is expected.Vin Scully
Success follows those adept at preserving the substance of the past by clothing it in the forms of the future.Dee Hock
 Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it.Washington Irving
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.Arthur Ashe
[Mentor Jonathan Winters] taught me that the world is open for play, that everything and everybody is mockable in a wonderful way.Robin Willaims
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams.Hosea Ballou
As you think, so shall you become.Unknown
The more we witness our emotional reactions and understand how they work, the easier it is to refrain.Pema Chodron
A leader should have higher grit and tenacity, and be able to endure what the employees can’t.Jack Ma
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.Simone de Beauvoir
Success is a terrible thing and a wonderful thing. If you can enjoy it, it's wonderful. If it starts eating away at you, and they're waiting for more from me, or what can I do to top this, then you're in trouble. Just do what you love. That's all I want to do.Gene Wilder
I think true success is intrinsic... It's love. It's kindness. It's community.Tom Shadyac
I'm used to adversity and working really well in difficult situations. It was hard for me to accept the success.Paula Cole
You create your opportunities by asking for them.Shakti Gawain
A lot of people don't have near the amount of success as I've been blessed to have, and it's all about working hard and hoping that continues.Luke Bryan
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.Benjamin Disraeli
A wet man does not fear the rain.Risa Rodil
I used to make up stuff in my bio all the time, that I used to be a professional ice-skater and stuff like that. I found it so inspirational. Why not make myself cooler than I am?Stephen Colbert
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.Colin Powell
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people.Harvey S. Firestone
We were all born with a certain degree of power. The key to success is discovering this innate power and using it daily to deal with whatever challenges come our way.Les Brown
Human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives.William James
If you’re going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now.Marie Osmond
The handicap of deafness is not in the ear; it is in the mind.Marlee Matlin
You always draw inspiration from your family or your parents if they've proven to be inspirational. My mother is someone who's always been inspirational to me.Dustin Clare
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.Thomas Edison
Stem cell research holds enormous promise for easing human suffering, and federal support is critical to its success.Tom Harkin
The number of stressors has multiplied exponentially: traffic, money, success, work/life balance, the economy, the environment, parenting, family conflict, relationships, disease. As the nature of human life has become far more complicated, our ancient stress response hasn't been able to keep up.Andrew J. Bernstein
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dogMark Twain
Sometimes we may ask God for success, and He gives us physical and mental stamina. We might plead for prosperity, and we receive enlarged perspective and increased patience, or we petition for growth and are blessed with the gift of grace. He may bestow upon us conviction and confidence as we strive to achieve worthy goals.David A. Bednar
Success isn't always about greatness. It's about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come.Dwayne Johnson
What's on my playlist when I'm fighting is not so much hip-hop. Sometimes, it's something more inspirational. I get a chance to think about what I'm fighting for, like, my family. It takes me to that state because a lot of times, it's a spiritual warfare for me.Tyron Woodley
Awards are not the only markers of success; I don't judge myself just based on them. I believe that each cinema-goer has his own mental trophies.Fan Bingbing
The path from dreams to success does exist. May you have the vision to find it, the courage to get on to it, and the perseverance to follow it.Kalpana Chawla
Get action. Seize the moment. Man was never intended to become an oyster.Theodore Roosevelt
I am what I am an’ I’m not ashamed. ‘Never be ashamed,’ my ol’ dad used ter say, ‘there’s some who’ll hold it against you, but they’re not worth bothern’ with.Hagrid-The Goblet of Fire
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.William Ellery Channing
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.Thomas A. Edison
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.St. Jerome
Stem cell research holds enormous promise for easing human suffering, and federal support is critical to its success.Tom Harkin
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.Bill Copeland
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.Ralph Nader
I wrote '('Til) I Kissed You' about a girl I met in Australia. Her name was Lilian, and she was very, very inspirational. I was married, but... I wrote the song about her on the way back home.Don Everly
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.Epictetus
I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams.Oprah Winfrey
When we avoid the legitimate suffering that results from dealing with problems, we also avoid the growth that problems demand from us.Scott Peck
In my forties, my optimism was boundless. I had really good health and tremendous success which allowed me to do anything I wanted.Patricia Cornwell
There is never just one thing that leads to success for anyone. I feel it always a combination of passion, dedication, hard work, and being in the right place at the right time.Lauren Conrad
Little drops of water wear down big stones.Russian Proverb
If you learn from defeat, you haven’t really lost.Zig Ziglar
Never give up. Trust your instincts.Peppy Hare (Lylat Wars/Star Fox 64)
The secret of our success is that we never, never give up.Wilma Mankiller
Don't give up, Today is hard. Tomorrow will be worse. Day after tomorrow will be sunshine.Jack Ma
Hopefully I'll continue to have the success I've had.Tiger Woods
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.Arnold Schwarzenegger
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.Salvador Dali
My father was an immigrant who literally walked across Europe to get out of Russia. He fought in World War I. He was wounded in action. My father was a great success even though he never had money. He was a very determined man, a great role model.Arlen Specter
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.Arnold H. Glasow
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.Arthur C. Clarke
The success of the Rat Pack or the Clan was due to the camaraderie, the three guys who work together and kid each other and love each other.Sammy Davis, Jr.
I want to be motivational and inspirational for everybody: my big aim is more women on bicycles.Marianne Vos
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.William Blake
For success of any mission, it is necessary to have creative leadership. Creative leadership is vital for government, non-governmental organisations as well as for industries.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Without failure there is no sweetness in success. There's no understanding of it.Glenn Beck
To design the future effectively, you must first let go of your past.Charles J. Givens
Begin somewhere; you cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do.Liz Smith
It's fine to celebrate success, but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.Bill Gates
Success depends in a very large measure upon individual initiative and exertion, and cannot be achieved except by a dint of hard work.Anna Pavlova
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.Elbert Hubbard
While formal schooling is an important advantage, it is not a guarantee of success nor is its absence a fatal handicap.Ray Kroc
A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.Grace Hopper
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.Harriet Beecher Stow
We make the world we live in and shape our own environment.Orison Swett Marden
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.William James
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man.Arthur Young
One of the most fascinating lessons I've absorbed about life is that the struggle is good.Joe Rogan
I am fully aware that everybody has a right to succeed, and success should be with ethics.Sharad Pawar
The NFL is a performance-based business, so you should have to perform to earn some of your money. At the same time, I realize that my success isn't just because of what I do out there.Colin Kaepernick
Do your best and then let life do the rest.Robin Sharma
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Don't complain.Maya Angelou
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.Joseph Wood Krutch
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.Lance Armstrong
Benazir Bhutto was an inspirational leader and an inspirational woman.Malala Yousafzai
No one succeeds without effort... Those who succeed owe their success to perseverance.Ramana Maharshi
Too many people measure how successful they are by how much money they make or the people that they associate with. In my opinion, true success should be measured by how happy you are.Richard Branson
If you feel you are down on your luck, check the level of your effort.Robert Brault
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.Confucius
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.Aeschylus
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life. Think of it. Dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.Swami Vivekananda
The American Dream is one of success, home ownership, college education for one's children, and have a secure job to provide these and other goals.Leonard Boswell
All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds wake in the day to find that it was vanity; but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act their dreams with open eyes, to make it possible.T.E. Lawrence
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.Bill Cosby
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.Confucius
Go hard or go homePhil Heath
There is no traffic jam along the extra mile.Roger Staubach
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.Woody Allen
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.George Orwell
Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't.Alexander McQueen
I believe that any type of education can be great, but an education about ourselves can create something wonderful. I am a comedian, but people have called me a motivational speaker. I don't really consider myself that at all.Andy Andrews
Excellence is not a skill. Excellence is an attitude.Conor McGregor
When you repeat a mistake, it is not a mistake anymore: it is a decision.Paulo Coelho
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.Nikos Kazantzakis
The only thing greater than the power of the mind is the courage of the heart.John Nash
When someone comes along and expresses him or herself as freely as they think, people flock to it. They enjoy it.Joe Rogan
The more things you do, the more you can do.Lucille Ball
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it.Andy Warhol
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.Jim Rohn
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.Thomas A. Edison
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.Napoleon Hill
Inside, I've got a real purist desire and dream about the music. I like the idea of being able to carve out a kind of magical, colourful, artistic, inspirational life. And the reality just turns out to be quite different, working with the business to bring this thing you have created into the world.Damien Rice
What drew me towards team sport were the camaraderie and friendship. The chance to celebrate victory and success with a group of other people is something I have enjoyed doing.Rahul Dravid
We only live to discover beauty. All else is a form of waiting.Kahlil Gibran
You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.Unknown
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.John D. Rockfeller
Don’t let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it.Earl Nightingale
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.Michael Atshuler
Success isn't always about greatness. It's about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come.Dwayne Johnson
Teachers are always trying to inspire people to do better, to learn, to grow. That's what we do, and we're proud of the success we've had here doing that, and it's something we'll certainly continue to do.Nick Saban
When one side benefits more than the other, that's a win-lose situation. To the winner it might look like success for a while, but in the long run, it breeds resentment and distrust.Stephen Covey
Too low they build, who build beneath the stars.Edward Young
Make treating yourself a priority and always remember your life is happening now. Don't put off all your dreams and pleasures to another day. In any balanced personal definition of success there has to be a powerful element of living life in the present.Mireille Guiliano
We cannot teach people anything. We can only help them discover it within themselves.Galileo Galilei
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.Winston Churchill
In order that people may be happy in their work, these three things are needed: They must be fit for it. They must not do too much of it. And they must have a sense of success in it.John Ruskin
An ounce of practice is better than tons of teaching.Mahatma Gandhi
The leaders who we admire who have been able to bring great change in the past - Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Nelson Mandela - they're all inspirational religious leaders and smart tacticians. It would be nice to find the Muslim Gandhi, wouldn't it?Dennis C. Blair
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?Jeff Rich
You can't play life like an untuned instrument and then ask why the music is unpleasent.Shaan Ahmed
Hard work and dedication is important to success, and I have those qualities.Nargis Fakhri
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.Robert Collier
Well, the idea is that failure is an inevitable partner on the road to success and, if you're not willing to confront failure, you can never find out how good you are.Peter Guber
Never complain and never explain.Benjamin Disraeli
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!T. Harv Eker
FEarly to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.Benjamin Franklin
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.Colin Powell
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.Truman Capote
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.Anonymous
Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities.Robert H. Schuller
We all romanticize the people we adore.John Green
A people free to choose will always choose peace.Ronald Reagan
Fear of failure, it's the greatest motivational tool. It drives me and drives me and drives me.Jerry West
Take care of this moment.Mahatma Gandhi
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.Babe Ruth
Success is dangerous. One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others. It leads to sterility.Pablo Picasso
To be prepared is half the victory.Miguel de Cervantes
The success of the young entrepreneur will be the key to India's transformation in the new millennium.Dhirubhai Ambani
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.Steve Jobs
We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.Helen Hayes
Just as you wouldn't leave the house without taking a shower, you shouldn't start the day without at least 10 minutes of sacred practice: prayer, meditation, inspirational reading.Marianne Williamson
I never wake up today with yesterday's problems.Anthony Saleh
Shall I refuse my dinner because I do not fully understand the process of digestion?Oliver Heaviside
Kid, there are heroes and there are legends. Heroes get remembered, but legends never die. Follow your heart, kid, and you’ll never go wrong.Babe Ruth, from The Sandlot
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.Judy Collins
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover.Mark Twain
One day you will wake up and there won’t be any more time to do the things you’ve always wanted. Do it now.Paulo Coelho
Success is 99 percent failure.Soichiro Honda
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
There are people out there who hate me and who say I'm arrogant, vain, and whatever. That's all part of my success. I am made to be the best.Cristiano Ronaldo
You can’t win the game if you don’t even play it.Robin Sharma
Entrepreneurs can't forecast accurately, because they are trying something fundamentally new. So they will often be laughably behind plan - and on the brink of success.Eric Ries
Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.Shah Rukh Khan
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others.Rosa Parks
Enthusiasm moves the world.Arthur Balfour
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.Anatole France
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.Proverb
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.Brian Tracy
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.Zig Ziglar
There is simply no substitute for hard work when it comes to achieving success.Heather Bresch
People aren't born ordinary but they choose to be ordinaryUnknown
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.Aristotle
It is never too late to be what you might have been.George Eliot
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.Richard L. Evans
Racing improves the breed.Soichiro Honda
Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.Louisa May Alcott
You see countries like India really investing in their space program because they see it as inspirational and good for their economy.Ellen Stofan
It has been said,most people die at age 25 and don’t get buried until they are 65.Make an effort to live your life to the fullestLes Brown
When you Die, you Die. You don't think a better way to do it.M.S. Dhoni
Some say I'm an overnight success. Well, that was a very long night that lasted about 10 years.Lisa Morton
Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period.Lou Holtz
Go big or go home.Because it's true. What do you have to lose?Eliza Dushku
No foreign policy - no matter how ingenious - has any chance of success if it is born in the minds of a few and carried in the hearts of none.Henry Kissinger
I'm not a defender of old or new football managers. I believe in good ones and bad ones, those that achieve success and those that don't.Jose Mourinho
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. Aesop
I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!Ken Hensley
Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success.James Dyson
When you are backed against the wall, Break the goddamn thing down.Harvey Specter
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.Unknown
Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to cut all sources of retreat. Only by doing so can one be sure of maintaining that state of mind known as a burning desire to win - essential to success.Napoleon Hill
Everything around you that you call life was made up by people, and you can change it.Unknown
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.Henry David Thoreau
Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a factor that decides between success and failure.Edsger Dijkstra
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather notMark Twain
You just can’t beat the person who never gives up.Babe Ruth
The greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity or power, but self-rejection.Henri Nouwen
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.John Wooden
Other people's success spurs me on to do well and gives me motivation.Nicholas Hoult
I realise that I do not change the course of history. I am an actor, I do a movie, that's the end of it. You have to realise we are just clowns for hire. After I had success it was great, at first, not to worry about money. It was on my mind when I was growing up.Leonardo DiCaprio
I don't stop when I am tired, I stop when I am done.James Bond
The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future.Philip Emeagwali
I think it's real easy to be famous these days; it's not real easy to sustain success.Jerry Jeff Walker
People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do.Rob Siltanen
Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.Unknown
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.Aristotle
Courage, my friends; 'tis not too late to build a better world.Tommy Douglas
Never retreat. Never explain. Get it done and let them howelBenjamin Jowett
Ten years from now, make sure you can say that you chose your life, you didnt settle for it.Mandy Hale
Impossible is nothing.Muhammad Ali
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.Jim Ryun
It's not enough that I should succeed - others should fail.David Merrick
Anyone who has to fight, even with the most modern weapons, against an enemy in complete command of the air, fights like a savage against modern European troops, under the same handicaps and with the same chances of success.Erwin Rommel
Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.The Goblet of Fire
President Obama called for a 'we' nation in his Inauguration Address. Art convenes. It is not just inspirational. It is aspirational. It pricks the walls of our compartmentalized minds, opens our hearts and makes us brave. And that's what we need most in our country today.Anna Deavere Smith
When you’re the first whose beliefs are different you’re saying, I’m right and everyone else is wrong.Larry Ellison
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean it is not real?The Deathly Hallows
Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on the faces of the people who said you couldn’t will be priceless.Kevin Ngo
The mind is everything. What you think you become.Buddha
The power of pop culture stories should not be underestimated, and there is an enormous potential for inspirational stories that can have a positive, transformative effect on our lives.Anita Sarkeesian
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed.Godfrey Winn
To See What Is Right And Not Do It Is A Lack Of Courage.Confucious
The only way to permanently change the temperature in the room is to reset the thermostat. In the same way, the only way to change your level of financial success 'permanently' is to reset your financial thermostat. But it is your choice whether you choose to change.T. Harv Eker
Stop managing your time. Start managing your focus.Robin Sharma
Lord knows, every day is not a success, every year is not a success. You have to celebrate the good.Reese Witherspoon
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.Mario Andretti
Hope is what makes us strong. It is why we are here. It's what we fight with when all else is lost.Pandora (God of War III)
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.Henry David Thoreau
If someone says 'grunge' or 'punk,' you know what the sound is, but if you say 'No Wave,' it's kind of mysterious. That was the most interesting part and should have been the most inspirational thing about it... here's this collective sonic insanity, and none of it sounds anything alike.Lydia Lunch
 If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary. Jim Rohn
To this day, just always treat people the way you want to be treated. Whether it's family or friends or co-workers, I think it's the most important thing. Whether you have success or don't have it, whether you're a good person is all that matters.Brenda Song
I think that the reason for my success is that I am really not aspirational. I am inspirational in that the people at home feel like they can really relate to me.Rosie O'Donnell
Plant your garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers.Jose Luis Borges
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself.Saint Teresa of Avila
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.Arthur Rubinstein
If a writer falls in love with you, you can never die.Mik Everett
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.Vincent van Gogh
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.Karim Seddiki
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here firstMark Twain
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.Plutarch
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.Proverb
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.Arthur Ashe
Nothing is foolproof for a sufficiently talented fool./u/c00yt825
It is not the going out of port, but the coming in, that determines the success of a voyage.Henry Ward Beecher
What keeps me going is goals.Muhammad Ali
Do What You Can With All You Have, Wherever You Are.Theodore Roosevelt
True good fortune is what you make for yourself. Good fortune: good character, good intentions, good actions.Marcus Aurelius
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.Christopher Lasch
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't readMark Twain
That's the key to success, isn't it? It has to be fun.Monica Seles
Two roads diverged in a wood and I  took the one less traveled by, and that made all the difference.Robert Frost 
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.Eleanor Roosevelt
My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.Jim Henson
If I could offer but one helpful hint to young Hoosiers hoping to better their odds for success in life, I would simply note the importance of thoughtful reading.Richard Lugar
Don’t let today’s disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow’s dreams.Unknown
The moment we believe that success is determined by an ingrained level of ability as opposed to resilience and hard work, we will be brittle in the face of adversity.Joshua Waitzkin
A passionate belief in your business and personal objectives can make all the difference between success and failure. If you aren't proud of what you're doing, why should anybody else be?Richard Branson
To achieve great things, two things are needed; a plan, and not quite enough time.Leonard Bernstein
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.Anonymous
True leadership lies in guiding others to success. In ensuring that everyone is performing at their best, doing the work they are pledged to do and doing it well.Bill Owens
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.Robin Williams
Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be.Zig Ziglar
My childhood, adolescence and high school days are unusually important. If there has ever been a time that I developed a uniqueness and sense of humor and the ability to organize, it was then. In those early days, I developed the skills that gave me a certain degree of success in American politics.Lee Atwater
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.James Joyce
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint', then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.Vincent Van Gogh
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.Albert Einstein
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.Truman Capote
Every artist was first an amateur.Ralph Waldo Emerson
The Wright brothers flew right through the smoke screen of impossibility.Charles Kettering
Be cool to people. Be nice to as many people as you can. Smile to as many people as you can, and have them smile back at you.Joe Rogan
What matters is the value we’ve created in our lives, the people we’ve made happy and how much we’ve grown as people.Daisaku Ikeda
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.John Wooden
Well, the telling of jokes is an art of its own, and it always rises from some emotional threat. The best jokes are dangerous, and dangerous because they are in some way truthful.Kurt Vonnegut
The funny thing about having all this so-called success is that behind it is a certain horrible emptiness.Sam Shepard
Blood, Sweat and Respect. First Two You Give, Last One You Earn Dwayne Johnson | The Rock
In a balanced organization, working towards a common objective, there is success.Arthur Helps
Progress is often equal to the difference between mind and mindset.Narayana Murthy
I have had success throughout the years. Some of the hard rock bands today don't have the history that I have.Gary Cherone
They succeed, because they think they can.Virgil
An unexamined life is not worth living.Socrates
I don't think about financial success as the measurement of my success.Christie Hefner
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.Napoleon Hill
When it comes to social consequences, they've got all different people acting in different ways, very difficult to even have a proper criterion of success. So, it's a difficult task.George Soros
Do more of what makes you happy. Carmel McConnell
The difference between winning and losing is most often not quitting.Walt Disney
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.Michael Jordan
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.Ralph Waldo Emerson
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind.Robert Fulghum
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.Tommy Lasorda
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.Oscar Wilde
Success is a process, a quality of mind and way of being, an outgoing affirmation of life.Alex Noble
Lawyers, I suppose, were children once.Charles Lamb
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.Walt Disney
In the end, you make your reputation and you have your success based upon credibility and being able to provide people who are really hungry for information what they want.Brit Hume
From my tribe I take nothing, I am the maker of my own fortune.Tecumseh
One finds limits by pushing them.Herbert Simon
The only journey is the one within.Rainer Maria Rilke
When one side benefits more than the other, that's a win-lose situation. To the winner it might look like success for a while, but in the long run, it breeds resentment and distrust.Stephen Covey
Long-range goals keep you from being frustrated by short-term failures.James Cash (J.C.) Penney
Sometimes you gotta create what you want to be part of.Geri Weitzman
You were born to be a player. You were meant to be here. This moment is yours.Herb Brooks
Believe you can and you're halfway there.Theodore Roosevelt
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day.Jim Rohn
Success isn't everything but it makes a man stand straight.Lillian Hellman
My dad is too cute. Every morning, he sends me one motivational quote. I have a folder full of all his quotes.Alia Bhatt
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.Winston Churchill
Whether you come from a council estate or a country estate, your success will be determined by your own confidence and fortitude.Michelle Obama
I'm not an inspirational quote kind of person.Christine Teigen
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music.Lenny Kravitz
The best road to progress is freedom's road.John F. Kennedy
The secret to happiness is freedom. And the secret to freedom is courage. Thucydides
It is well known that a vital ingredient of success is not knowing that what you're attempting can't be done.Terry Pratchett
The foundation of success in life is good health: that is the substratum fortune; it is also the basis of happiness. A person cannot accumulate a fortune very well when he is sick.P. T. Barnum
No self-respecting woman should wish or work for the success of a party who ignores her sex.Susan B. Anthony
I've always believed that one woman's success can only help another woman's success.Gloria Vanderbilt
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.John Wooden
Success is the American Dream. And that success is not something to be ashamed of, or to demonize.Susana Martinez
People will love you. People will hate you. And none of it will have anything to do with you.Abraham Hicks
I'm extremely ambitious. I don't know why people are afraid to say that. I won't sell my soul to the devil, but I do want success and I don't think that's bad.Jada Pinkett Smith
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.Edwin Markham
We’re never in lack of money. We lack people with dreams, (people) who can die for those dreams.Jack Ma
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.Henry David Thoreau
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.Vince Lombardi
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.Og Mandino
Wherever you are is the entry point.Kabirdas
Fear is a big liar.Robin Sharma
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.Tony Robbins
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.Walt Disney
Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth.Pema Chodron
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.George Burns
Humility is the true key to success. Successful people lose their way at times. They often embrace and overindulge from the fruits of success. Humility halts this arrogance and self-indulging trap. Humble people share the credit and wealth, remaining focused and hungry to continue the journey of success.Rick Pitino
Why are you so enchanted by this world, when a mine of gold lies within you?Rumi
All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important.Manny Pacquiao
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.Dwight D. Eisenhower
Within you is a stillness and a sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time and be yourself.Hermann Hesse
True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful.Paul Sweeney
I've lost count of the number of times that I've been approached by strangers wanting to tell me that they think I'm brave or inspirational, and this was long before my work had any kind of public profile.Stella Young
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.Mother Teresa
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.Jessica Savitch
I firmly believe that unless one has tasted the bitter pill of failure, one cannot aspire enough for success.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Democracy consists of choosing your dictators, after they've told you what you think it is you want to hear.Alan Corenk
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.William James
Some say I'm an overnight success. Well, that was a very long night that lasted about 10 years.Lisa Morton
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.Warren Buffett
One of the rewards of success is freedom, the ability to do whatever you like.Sting
Education is the best provision for old age.Aristotle
The only constant in the technology industry is changeMarc Benioff
Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.W. Clement Stone
Philosophy is the highest music.Plato
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.Steve Jobs
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.Michael Jordan
Wisdom is knowing what to do next, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it.David Starr Jordan
Life is all about resolve. Outcome is secondary.Waka (Okami)
The success of any stand-up act comes out of life experience.Howie Mandel
Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to'.Lao Tzu
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.Brian Tracy
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.Leo Buscaglia
Your heart is full of fertile seeds, waiting to sprout.Morihei Ueshiba
True compassion does not come from wanting to help out those less fortunate than ourselves but from realizing our kinship with all beings.Pema Chodron
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.Gilbert K. Chesterton
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot readMark Twain
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.Albert Einstein
I believe in luck: how else can you explain the success of those you dislike?Jean Cocteau
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.Unknown
Impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men who find it easier to live in the world they've been given than to explore the power they have to change it.Muhammed Ali
Never let go of that fiery sadness called desire.Patti Smith
Take the whole responsibility on your own shoulders, and know that you are the creator of your own destiny.Swami Vivekananda
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.Jimmy Johnson
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.Denis Waitley
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.Og Mandino
The first principle of success is desire - knowing what you want. Desire is the planting of your seed.Robert Collier
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.Audrey Hepburn
When I hear somebody sigh, ‘Life is hard,’ I am always tempted to ask, ‘Compared to what?’Sydney Harris
I am very optimistic, and I wish that God almighty grants me success to get a qualifying time. Only then can I go to the Olympics. If this happens I will be the first Palestinian athlete to gain a qualifying time. This will be a big achievement.Nader al-Masri
If you know your goal and work for it you will reach the peak.Jounayet Rahman
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.Ella Fitzgerald
It’s the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.Paulo Coeho
You are your own best friend. Listen to yourself more often than someone else.Steven Cuoco
Success is not a function of the size of your title but the richness of your contribution.Robin S. Sharma
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.Jim Rohn
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.Roy T. Bennett
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility.Saint Augustine
We have it in our power to begin the world over again.Thomas Paine
Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence. The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning.Denis Waitley
The very best thing you can do for the whole world is to make the most of yourself.Wallace D. Wattles
An empowered organisation is one in which individuals have the knowledge, skill, desire, and opportunity to personally succeed in a way that leads to collective organisational success.Stephen Covey
You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity.Thomas Wolfe
If we are constantly consuming, then we are not creating.The Minimalists
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.Albert Einstein
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.Jim Ryun
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.Andre Gide
Hope is a state of mind, not of the world. Hope, in this deep and powerful sense, is not the same as joy that things are going well, or willingness to invest in enterprises that are obviously heading for success, but rather an ability to work for something because it is good.Vaclav Havel
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.Don Miguel Ruiz
Temporary success can be achieved in spite of lack of other fundamental qualities, but no advancements can be maintained without hard work.William Feather
Failure is a part of success.Hank Aaron
Whenever you fall, pick something up. Oswald Avery
I would say I'm an inspirational guidelines book. You can take my life story or scenarios or songs and relate to them and apply them to your everyday life.Chris Brown
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.Thomas Edison
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.William Blake
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.Wallis Simpson
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.Ralph Waldo Emerson
A work well begun is half-ended.Plato
Doubt is only removed by action. If you're not working then that's where doubt comes in.Conor McGregor
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fearsLes Brown
Life offers no guarantees... just choices; no certainty... but consequences; no predictable outcomes... just the privilege of pursuit.Tim Connor
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matterMark Twain
Just know that I was once considered just a dreamer... Then I paid my dues and turned so many doubters to believers...Big K.R.I.T.
I won't be a rock star. I will be a legend.Freddie Mercury
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.Lao Tzu
The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.Isaac Asimov
One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself.Lenoardo da Vinci
An artist must never be a prisoner. Prisoner? An artist should never be a prisoner of himself, prisoner of style, prisoner of reputation, prisoner of success, etc.Henri Matisse
Each day wake up and ask yourself what will make you feel most alive that day.Unknown
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.Walter Elliot
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.Plutarch
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.Herman Melville
Our limitations and success will be based, most often, on your own expectations for ourselves. What the mind dwells upon, the body acts upon.Denis Waitley
Coming to Nashville has been so motivating and inspirational. Just watching people live and breathe their music and create something that they can feel from start to finish.Madi Diaz
It is the combination of reasonable talent and the ability to keep going in the face of defeat that leads to success.Martin Seligman
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don’t throw it away.Stephen Hawking
It's time to start living the life you've only imagined.Unknown
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.Thomas Paine
Motivation will almost always beat mere talent.Norman Ralph Augustine
In fact, I wouldn't really call this a Gospel album, I call it more an inspirational album.Smokey Robinson
Success to me is being a good person, treating people well.David LaChapelle
I enjoy life , I don’t care if it’s good things or bad things. That means you’re alive.Joan Rivers
Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Every minute spent worrying about the way things were is a moment stolen from creating the way things can be.Robin Sharma
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.Unknown
I had hoped when my life was chronicled, it would be an inspirational story.Om Puri
I am not designed to come second or third. I am designed to win.Ayrton Senna
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anythingMark Twain
Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses.George Carver
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.Benjamin Disraeli
My goal in coming to General Motors was to help restore profitability, build a strong market position and position this iconic company for success. We are clearly on that path.Edward Whitacre, Jr.
Nothing good comes in life or athletics unless a lot of hard work has preceded the effort. Only temporary success is achieved by taking short cuts.Roger Staubach
If you've got a talent, protect it.Jim Carrey
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.Philip Sidney
Despair and disappointment are the parent of countless inspired, inspiring, triumphant creations.Rasheed Ogunlaru
Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination.Carl von Clausewitz
The more we grow, the more we have to give.Joshua Fields Millburn
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others.Rosa Parks
To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.Nelson Mandela
Much effort, much prosperity.Euripides
Nothing succeeds like success.Alexandre Dumas
Post-operatively the transplanted kidney functioned immediately with a dramatic improvement in the patient's renal and cardiopulmonary status. This spectacular success was a clear demonstration that organ transplantation could be life-saving.Joseph Murray
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.Albert Camus
We cannot choose our fate, but we can choose others. Be careful in knowing that.The Order of the Phoenix
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.Steve Jobs
Success is not a place at which one arrives but rather the spirit with which one undertakes and continues the journey.Alex Noble
I am never without my lyric book. If anything inspirational happens, I have it there so nothing's forgotten.Gabrielle Aplin
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.Paramahansa Yogananda
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.e. e. cummings
I'm better than P. T. Barnum and Colonel Parker put together.Evel Knievel
Nothing is as seductive as the assurance of success.Gertrude Himmelfarb
No student ever attains very eminent success by simply doing what is required of him: it is the amount and excellence of what is over and above the required, that determines the greatness of ultimate distinction.Charles Kendall Adams
Successful entrepreneurs find the balance between listening to their inner voice and staying persistent in driving for success - because sometimes success is waiting right across from the transitional bump that's disguised as failure.Naveen Jain
When people stand up and talk about the great success that the EU has been, I'm not sure anybody saying it really believes it themselves anymore.Nigel Farage
Go hard or go homePhil Heath
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to haveThomas Jefferson
Passion is what gives meaning to our lives. It's what allows us to achieve success beyond our wildest imagination. Try to find a career path that you have a passion for.Henry Samueli
Live your dream, and wear your passion.Unknown
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.Dumbledore–The Philosopher’s Stone 
You will be a failure, until you impress the subconscious with the conviction you are a success. This is done by making an affirmation which 'clicks.'Florence Scovel Shinn
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.Albert Einstein
Cultivation of mind should be the ultimate aim of human existence.B. R. Ambedkar
Continuous effort- not strength or intelligence is the key to unlocking our potential.Winston Churchill
Failures to heroic minds are the stepping stones to success.Thomas Chandler Haliburton
We know from research that growth is actually contagious, so if you want to reach your goals, you've got to get around people that are going in the same direction you want to be going, and you will catch the success.Henry Cloud
If you can dream it, you can do it.Walt Disney
The secret of passion is purpose.Robin Sharma
There's no abiding success without commitment.Tony Robbins
It is important,” Dumbledore said, “to fight, and fight again, and keep fighting, for only then could evil be kept at bay, though never quite eradicated.The Half-Blood Prince
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Winning isn't everything, but it beats anything in second place.William C. Bryant
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.Lao Tzu
Acting like you dont care is not letting it goPenelope Douglas
The secret to happiness is freedom. And the secret to freedom is courage.Thucydides
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.Henry David Thoreau
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.Swami Sivananda
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.Rabindranath Tagore
Brain is like an Umbrella, works best when open.Unknown
The beginning is the most important part of the work.Plato
Act like you expect to get into the end zone.Christopher Morley
Action leads to Attention. that in the short-term releases Rewarding brain chemicals and in the long term improves reproductive success.Keith Henson
The cost of our success is the exhaustion of natural resources, leading to energy crises, climate change, pollution, and the destruction of our habitat. If you exhaust natural resources, there will be nothing left for your children. If we continue in the same direction, humankind is headed for some frightful ordeals, if not extinction.Christian de Duve
Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.Henry Ford
In a conflict between the heart and the brain, follow your heart.Swami Vivekananda
I believe in the city as a natural human environment, but we must humanize it. It's art that will re-define public space in the 21st Century. We can make our cities diverse, inspirational places by putting art, dance and performance in all its forms into the matrix of street life.Antony Gormley
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.Wilma Rudolph
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.Arnold Schwarzenegger
You have this idea that you'd better keep working otherwise people will forget. And that was dangerous. And then you realize, no, actually if you take a break people might be more interested in you.Robin Willaims
Never, never, never give up.Winston Churchill
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.Oscar Wilde
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.Sam Levenson
Run your own race. Who cares what others are doing? The only question that matters is, Am I progressing?Robin Sharma
We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.Helen Hayes
To follow, without halt, one aim: that's the secret of success.Anna Pavlova
I am seeking, I am striving, I am in it with all my heart.Vincent Van Gogh
Our success educationally, industrially and politically is based upon the protection of a nation founded by ourselves. And the nation can be nowhere else but in Africa.Marcus Garvey
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it’s always your choice.Wayne Dyer
Finding good partners is the key to success in anything: in business, in marriage and, especially, in investing.Robert Kiyosaki
When you are small, you have to be very focused and rely on your brain, not your strength.Jack Ma
Don't worry if people don't like you. Most people are struggling to like themselves.Unknown
Young man, the secret of my success is that at early age I discovered that I was not God.Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing.Walt Disney
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.Albert Camus
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it. Jane Smiley
If you don’t turn your life into a story, you just become a part of someone else’s story.Terry Pratchett
With the success of a show, you get an opportunity to call attention to things that you believe in.Bradley Whitford
The greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity or power, but self-rejection.Henri Nouwen
Roosevelt's declaration that Americans had 'nothing to fear but fear itself' was a glorious piece of inspirational rhetoric and just as gloriously wrong.Russell Baker
Anyone can exist. Most fools do. It takes guts to truly Live.RMV
What You Lack In Talent Can Be Made Up With Desire, Hustle And Giving 110% All The Time.Don Zimmer
That should be the measure of success for everyone. It's not money, it's not fame, it's not celebrity; my index of success is happiness.Lupe Fiasco
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will.Pope Paul VI
If you get up in the morning and think the future is going to be better, it is a bright day. Otherwise, it's not.Elon Musk
Be yourself. Follow your instincts. Success depends, at least in part, on the ability to 'carry it off.'Donald Rumsfeld
Wal-Mart's success strategies and tactics are easy to understand yet hard to duplicate.Michael Bergdahl
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance.Morgan Freeman
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.Walt Disney
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far it is possible to go.TS Eliot
The successful man doesn't use others, other people use the successful man, for above all the success is of service.Mark Caine
I've always tried to go a step past wherever people expected me to end up.Beverly Sills
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success.Henry David Thoreau
Don't ever stop. Always keep going, no matter what happens and is taken from you. Even when life is so unfair, don't give up.Ezio (Assasin's Creed II)
Do or do not. There is no try.Yoda
The success of the Rat Pack or the Clan was due to the camaraderie, the three guys who work together and kid each other and love each other.Sammy Davis, Jr.
You weren't born just to live a life and to die; you were born to accomplish something specifically. Matter of fact, success is making it to the end of your purpose; that is success... Success is not just existing. Success is making it to the end of why you were born.Myles Munroe
I think Spain will always remain inspirational, and I think French cuisine will continue to be very French and yet very relevant with its time and keep evolving. But the last thing you want for it is to become too trendy and confusing. It has too much history.Daniel Boulud
Men are afraid to rock the boat in which they hope to drift safely through life's currents, when, actually, the boat is stuck on a sandbar. They would be better off to rock the boat and try to shake it loose.Thomas Szasz
I'm not an inspirational quote kind of person.Christine Teigen
Every heart that has beat strongly and cheerfully has left a hopeful impulse behind it in the world, and bettered the tradition of mankind.Robert Louis Stevenson
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind.Robert Fulghum
The hardest thing to find in life is balance - especially the more success you have, the more you look to the other side of the gate. What do I need to stay grounded, in touch, in love, connected, emotionally balanced? Look within yourself.Celine Dion
I look forward to making tangible and inspirational contributions to the Houston Technology Center's initiatives. HTC is an engine behind Houston's and Texas' continued growth.Walter O'Brien
It's good to do uncomfortable things. It's weight training for life.Anne Lamott
Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass!Paul J. Meyer
I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.Brittany Murphy
Keep your thoughts positive because your thoughts become your words. Keep your words positive because your words become your behaviors. Keep your behaviors positive because your behaviors become your habits. Keep your habits positive because your habits become your values. Keep your values positive because your values become your destiny.Gandhi
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. Jimmy Dean
The success and the failure are not my concern, but His.Joseph Barber Lightfoot
How can you cross new bridges if you’re not willing to burn old ones?Robin Sharma
Whatever success I may have attained is due to the fact that since I was old enough to work at all, my ambition has never deserted me.Anna Held
The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all.The Emperor, from Mulan
Opportunities don’t happen, you create them.Chris Grosser
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.Amelia Earhart
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.Gordon B. Hinckley
Better to die fighting for freedom than be a prisoner all the days of your life.Bob Marley
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.Les Brown
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.Bruce Lee
Success is not greedy, as people think, but insignificant. That is why it satisfies nobody.Lucius Annaeus Seneca
It's OK to not be OK, as long as you don't stay that way.Anonymous
When I grew up here, there was no T-Hub. Probably, the closest to T was the Tank bund.Satya Nadella
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.Richard Bach
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'Muhammad Ali
It's good to test yourself and develop your talents and ambitions as fully as you can and achieve greater success; but I think success is the feeling you get from a job well done, and the key thing is to do the work.Peter Thiel
A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at.Bruce Lee
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.Michael Jordan
Success is 99% failure.Soichiro Honda
Only one who devotes himself to a cause with his whole strength and soul can be a true master. For this reason mastery demands all of a person.Albert Einstein
Mischief Managed.Fred
Let each man exercise the art he knows.Aristophanes
Care and diligence bring luck.Proverb
Don’t take rest after your first victory because if you fail in second, more lips are waiting to say that your first victory was just luck.A.P.J Abdul Kalam
God gives every bird its food, but He does not throw it into its nest.J.G. Holland
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.George S. Patton
I would probably work with Drake as he is massively inspirational to me as a writer as well as an artist. If not him, then Susan Boyle!Conor Maynard
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.William Feather
I believe that one defines oneself by reinvention. To not be like your parents. To not be like your friends. To be yourself. To cut yourself out of stone.Henry Rollins
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.Flip Wilson
Fear is exciting for me.Ayrton Senna
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don’t really matter. Francis Chan
Be better than you were yesterday.Unknown
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.Vincent van Gogh
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.Sun Tzu
TYou must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.Mahatma Gandhi
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist. Indira Gandhi
Its better to have nobody than someone who is half there, or who doesnt want to be there.Angelina Jolie
People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be.Scudder N. Parker
Build confidence and momentum with each good decision you make from here on out and choose to be inspired.Joe Rogan
Wishes can come true. But not if you just wait for miracles. Miracles are things we make for ourselves.Oerba Dia Vanille
Success in training the boy depends largely on the Scoutmaster's own personal example.Robert Baden-Powell
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.Jim Rohn
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success.James Cameron
The most absurd and reckless aspirations have sometimes led to extraordinary success.Luc de Clapiers
The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you.B.B. King
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know. Ernest Hemingway
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it. Jane Smiley
 Don’t confuse activity with productivity. Many people are simply busy being busy.Robin Sharma
Be kind; everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.Ian Maclaren
On the recollection of so many and great favours and blessings, I now, with a high sense of gratitude, presume to offer up my sincere thanks to the Almighty, the Creator and Preserver.William Bartram
One of the rewards of success is freedom, the ability to do whatever you like.Sting
A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.Grace Hopper
The future depends on what we do in the present.Mahatma Gandhi
There's a never-ending ocean of techniques out there.Joe Rogan
Successful people make money. It's not that people who make money become successful, but that successful people attract money. They bring success to what they do.Wayne Dyer
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.Bernard Williams
If you work just for money, you'll never make it, but if you love what you're doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.Ray Kroc
The chief executive officer is also the chief sales officer. He or she is responsible for the success of the company and making a profit. The closer the CEO is to the everyday selling process, bringing in business, the more successful the company will become.Jeffrey Gitomer
Wherever you are - be all there.Jim Elliot
Let them hate. Just make sure they spell your name right.Harvey Specter
We don’t read and write poetry because it’s cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race.Robin Williams
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get.H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.W. Clement Stone
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.Jack London
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for ordinary.Jim Rohn.
There's no free lunch.Robert Heilein
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.Unknown
Not all those who wander are lost.J.R.R. Tolkien
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts.Sylvester Stallone
Action is the foundational key to all success.Pablo Picasso
Go the extra mile -- it's never crowded.Anonymous
The world breaks everyone, and afterwards, some are strong at the broken placesErnest Hemingway
Success is the American Dream. And that success is not something to be ashamed of, or to demonize.Susana Martinez
It is good to dream big but your dreams will never see the light of day if you sleep big too. Anonymous
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.Audrey Hepburn
We've had great successes, but our future is not about our past success. It's going to be about whether we will invent things that are really going to drive our future.Satya Nadella
There is progress whether ye are going forward or backward! The thing is to move!Edgar Cayce
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.Bobby Unser
Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it.Viktor E. Frankl
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says “I’m possible”!Audrey Hepburn
Success has always been a great liar.Friedrich Nietzsche
Evolution acts slowly. Our psychological characteristics today are those that promoted reproductive success in the ancestral environment.Keith Henson
Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination.Carl von Clausewitz
There's enormous progressive activism and, more often than not, success at the grassroots level - everything from living wage campaigns to efforts to finance our elections are having terrific success.Jim Hightower
Ideas shape the course of history.John Maynard Keynes
In my forties, my optimism was boundless. I had really good health and tremendous success which allowed me to do anything I wanted.Patricia Cornwell
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.Seneca
Give me a couple of years, and I'll make that actress an overnight success.Samuel Goldwyn
I don’t count my sit-ups; I only start counting when it starts hurting because they’re the only ones that count.Muhammad Ali
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.Stephen King
A bend in the road is not the end of the road…unless you fail to make the turn.Unknown
It always seems impossible until it's done. Nelson Mandela
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.B. C. Forbes
Work will win when wishy washy wishing won t.Thomas S. Monson
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.Marcus Aurelius
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.Paulo Coelho
The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge.Thomas Berger
Achievers have an enabling attitude, realism, and a conviction that they themselves were the laboratory of innovation. Their ability to change themselves is central to their success. They have learned to conserve their energy by minimizing the time spent in regret or complaint. Every event is a lesson to them, every person a teacher.Marilyn Ferguson
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.Napoleon Hill
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but it should get you pretty near.Margaret Thatcher
The aim of life is no more to control the mind, but to develop it harmoniously; not to achieve salvation here after, but to make the best use of it here belowBhagat Singh
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.Walt Disney
Teachers need to be more inspirational. But it's also up to engineering to make itself more interesting.Bruce Dickinson
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.Dr. Seuss
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.Rumi
My definition of success is to live your life in a way that causes you to feel a ton of pleasure and very little pain - and because of your lifestyle, have the people around you feel a lot more pleasure than they do pain.Tony Robbins
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.Elbert Hubbard
Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.Henry Ford
Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.Will Smith
Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.Will Rogers
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean it is not real?Dumbledore-The Deathly Hallows
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.Zig Ziglar
My biggest success is getting over the things that have tried to destroy and take me out of this life. Those are my biggest successes. It has nothing to do with work.Tyler Perry
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.Albert Einstein
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.Nikos Kazantzakis
Success is not assured, but America is resolute: this is the best chance for peace we are likely to see for some years to come - and we are acting to help Israelis and Palestinians seize this chance.Condoleezza Rice
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel for.Swami Vivekananda
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.Amella Earhart
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.Kyle Chandler
Your excuses are just the lies your fears have sold you.Robin Sharma
Never, never, never give up.Winston Churchill
Everything you want is on the other side of fear.George Addair
If you don’t act on life, life will act on you.Robin Sharma
Anything that won't sell, I don't want to invent. Its sale is proof of utility, and utility is success.Thomas A. Edison
Barack Obama likes to point to General Motors as the poster child for the job creation success of his economic policies. However, whatever your sentiments about the government's bailout of General Motors, for every job Barack Obama 'saved-or-created' in the U.S. there were two jobs off shore.Bob Beauprez
The reason of my success is that I saw nothing else but the Bird's EyeArjun
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.Napoleon Hill
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.Jack Welch
The only thing I'm addicted to is winning. This bootleg cult, arrogantly referred to as Alcoholics Anonymous, reports a 5 percent success rate. My success rate is 100 percent.Charlie Sheen
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different.Donna Brazile
The best road to progress is freedom's road.John F. Kennedy
It is never too late to be what you might have been.George Eliot
We were all born with a certain degree of power. The key to success is discovering this innate power and using it daily to deal with whatever challenges come our way.Les Brown
Butterflies don't know their wings' Colors, but others see their Splendor.Mohith Agadi
Success is the son of courage.Prosper de Crébillon
Anything that won't sell, I don't want to invent. Its sale is proof of utility, and utility is success.Thomas A. Edison
The way get to get started is to quit talking and begin doingWalt Disney
I’m as proud of many of the things we haven’t done as the things we have done. Innovation is saying no to a thousand things.Steve Jobs
Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better.Jim Rohn
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.Joyce Meyer
Geeks like to think that they can ignore politics, you can leave politics alone, but politics won't leave you alone.Richard Stallman
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something.Muhammad Iqbal
Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it.Ella Wheeler Wilcox
If you would be a good reader, read; if a writer, write.Epictetus
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.Napoleon Hill
The measure of success is not whether you have a tough problem to deal with, but whether it is the same problem you had last year.John Foster Dulles
It is so inspirational, to see that in the world of Westeros, men are answering to women, and they are a force to be reckoned with. It's empowering, and it's inspirational as well, because you're just like, 'This is great!'Rose Leslie
We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.Bob Ross
It's never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you're proud of, And if you find that you're not, I hope you have the strength to start over.F. Scott Fitzgerald
Carry on any enterprise as if all future success depended on it.Cardinal Richelieu
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.Robert Frost
That's the key to success, isn't it? It has to be fun.Monica Seles
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.William James
Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future.Robin Sharma
Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success.Bo Bennett
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. Confucius
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.J.K Rowling
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.Daisaku Ikeda
Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life.Jimmy Dean
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.Julie Andrews
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you.Unknown
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.Epictetus
We do not admire the man of timid peace. We admire the man who embodies victorious effort; the man who never wrongs his neighbor, who is prompt to help a friend, but who has those virile qualities necessary to win in the stern strife of actual life.Theodore Roosevelt
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.Henry Ford
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.Dan Millman
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.W. Clement Stone
There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for.J.R.R. Tolkien
Mistake is a mistake only if you make it twice.Robin Sharma
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.Bill Cosby
Greatness begins beyond your comfort zone.Robin Sharma
One man cannot practice many arts with success.Plato
Lee's great gifts are teaching and inspirational guidance, not administration and management.Cheryl Crawford
Security Is Mostly A Superstition. Life Is Either A Daring Adventure Or Nothing.Helen Keller
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.Jim Rohn
Success? You can't get a big head about it. When people stare at me, they could be whispering to their friend, 'That guy sucks! Have you seen him before? He's horrible.'David Spade
Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Thinking is progress. Non-thinking is stagnation of the individual, organisation and the country. Thinking leads to action. Knowledge without action is useless and irrelevant. Knowledge with action, converts adversity into prosperity.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all.Michaelangelo
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.Shiv Khera
You can do what’s reasonable or you can decide what’s possible.Unknown
On the recollection of so many and great favours and blessings, I now, with a high sense of gratitude, presume to offer up my sincere thanks to the Almighty, the Creator and Preserver.William Bartram
Try to look at your weakness and convert it into your strength. That's success.Zig Ziglar
Showing off is the fool's idea of glory.Bruce Lee
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, “I’m possible!”Audrey Hepburn
A long apprenticeship is the most logical way to success. The only alternative is overnight stardom, but I can't give you a formula for that.Chet Atkins
If you aren’t going all the way, why go at all?Joe Namath
Don't just wait for inspiration. Become it.Unknown
I don't dislike rappers or hip-hop or people who like it. I went to the Def Jam tour in Manchester in the '80s when rap was inspirational. Public Enemy were awesome. But it's all about status and bling now, and it doesn't say anything to me.Noel Gallagher
While we are postponing, life speeds by.Seneca
Reading was very important to me as a kid. It was very inspirational to me. I went to a school where that wasn't encouraged so much, but my parents encouraged that, and it has made me part of who I am.Sasha Grey
I'm not going to get somewhere and say, 'OK, I'm done.' Success is never final; I'll just keep on going. The same way as failure never being fatal. Just keep going. I'm going to the stars and then past them.Conor McGregor
Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure.Sylvester Stallone
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor.Lucius Annaeus Seneca
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.Sun Tzu
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.Bruce Lee
While children are struggling to be unique, the world around them is trying all means to make them look like everybody else.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.Warren Buffett
At the end of the day, the one commonality that both Hindi cinema and Hollywood share is that they are full of talented and inspirational people. Outside of this, there are many differences, from the scheduling and rehearsal to promotion and directing techniques.Nargis Fakhri
The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself.Wallace Stevens
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.Arthur Ashe
Stop watching the news. Start doing your dreams.Robin Sharma
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here firstMark Twain
Great leaders understand that historical success tends to produce stable and inwardly focused organizations, and these outfits, in turn, reinforce a feeling of contentment with the status quo.John P. Kotter
The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.Cheryl James
A pure hand needs no glove to cover itNathaniel Hawthorne
The hardest thing to find in life is balance - especially the more success you have, the more you look to the other side of the gate. What do I need to stay grounded, in touch, in love, connected, emotionally balanced? Look within yourself.Celine Dion
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.Woodrow Wilson
The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.Isaac Asimov
I want anyone who believes in life, liberty, pursuit of happiness to succeed. And I want any force, any person, any element of an overarching Big Government that would stop your success, I want that organization, that element or that person to fail. I want you to succeed.Rush Limbaugh
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.Chinese Proverb
I know what I have to do now. I’ve got to keep breathing because tomorrow the sun will rise. Who knows what the tide could bring?Chuck Noland, from Cast Away
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind.Johannes Brahms
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Go forth and make awesomeness.Unknown
Never sacrifice happiness for the sake of achievement. The real key to life is to happily achieve.Robin Sharma
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.Oprah Winfrey
When you judge others, you do not define them; you define yourself.Wayne Dyer
When all the original blues guys are gone, you start to realize that someone has to tend to the tradition. I recognize that I have some responsibility to keep the music alive, and it’s a pretty honorable position to be in.Eric Clapton
I always like a woman in power in politics. I think they're pretty inspirational in terms of looks to begin with. It's very calculated.Chris Benz
Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself.Octavia E. Butler
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.Vince Lombardi
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart.Ancient Indian Proverb
The Pessimist Sees Difficulty In Every Opportunity. The Optimist Sees Opportunity In Every Difficulty.Winston Churchill
Your chances of success in any undertaking can always be measured by your belief in yourself.Robert Collier
You may lose your wife, you may lose your dog, your mother may hate you. None of those things matter. What matters is that you achieve success and become free. Then you can do whatever you like.Kevin O'Leary
Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined.Johnny Carson
The more we do, the more we can do.William Hazlitt
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.Aristotle
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.Euripides
I want to see success right away. And I want to never give up, never stop.Joe Nichols
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn’t have the power to say yes.Eleanor Roosevelt
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. Albert Einstein
Where should I go: To Left where nothing is Right or to Right where nothing is Left.Masashi Kishimoto
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.Michael Korda
Achievement is not always success, while reputed failure often is. It is honest endeavor, persistent effort to do the best possible under any and all circumstances.Orison Swett Marden
People are the key to success or extraordinary success.Azim Premji
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.Thomas Paine
To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals–this alone is worth the struggle.William Penn
When you win, say nothing, when you lose, say less.Paul Brown
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.Arthur Ashe
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder.Natalie Gulbis
Learning and innovation go hand in hand. The arrogance of success is to think that what you did yesterday will be sufficient for tomorrow.William Pollard
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open.Pauline Kael
You stand with the least likely to succeed until success is succeeded by something more valuable: kinship. You stand with the belligerent, the surly and the badly behaved until bad behavior is recognized for the language it is: the vocabulary of the deeply wounded and of those whose burdens are more than they can bear.Greg Boyle
I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything.Nikola Tesla
You dont have to explain your dreams, they belong to you.Paulo Coelho
It's a special person - and personality - who can lead a start-up to soaring success and sustain that success for the long term. Apple co-founder Steve Jobs and Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg are star examples.Marcus Buckingham
A constant struggle, a ceaseless battle to bring success from inhospitable surroundings, is the price of all great achievements.Orison Swett Marden
The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it: so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it.Elbert Hubbard
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will.Pope Paul VI
People think your success is just a matter of having a pretty face. But it's easy to be chewed up and spat out. You've got to stay ahead of the game to be able to stay in it.Kate Moss
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivationAPJ Abdul Kalam
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.Mike Ditka
Don't fight the problem, decide it.George C. Marshall
Socialism has no moral justification whatsoever; poor people are not morally superior to rich people, nor are they owed anything by rich people simply because of their lack of success. Charity is not a socialist concept - it is a religious one, an acknowledgment of God's sovereignty over property, a sovereignty the Left utterly rejects.Ben Shapiro
A good mind possesses a kingdom.Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Every man's life is a fairy tale written by God's fingers.Hans Christian Andersen
The harder I work, the luckier I become.Terry Pratchett
Before death takes away what you are given, give away what there is to give.Rumi
To fear love is to fear life.Bertrand Russell
Successful people breed success.Phil Crosby
If you’re not scared a lot you’re not doing very much.Robin Sharma
Success… seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.Conrad Hilton
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.Thomas J. Watson
A lot of America is kind of done. People have been making films about it for 100 years. Everything to me feels used up. But Jo-Burg feels unbelievably inspirational to me.Neill Blomkamp
Genius is more about what you have the discipline to say no to versus yes to.Robin Sharma
I try not to put anything political on the forefront of what I'm trying to do creatively. At the same time, I do think it's wonderful when I hear people say that it's inspirational that I'm an Indian woman on camera. My life is very diverse, and my friends are a diverse group of people.Mindy Kaling
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.Dale Turner
Past success is no guarantee of future success, so I have learned to be an entrepreneur. I began to produce and direct my own projects.Ian Ziering
Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to cut all sources of retreat. Only by doing so can one be sure of maintaining that state of mind known as a burning desire to win - essential to success.Napoleon Hill
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.Walt Disney
If you’re not growing, you’re dying.The Minimalists
Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim.John D. Rockefeller
Success produces confidence; confidence relaxes industry, and negligence ruins the reputation which accuracy had raised.Ben Jonson
No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world.John Keating
Creativity Is Intelligence Having Fun.Albert Einstein
The strongest people aren’t always the people who win, but the people who don’t give up when they lose.Ashley Hodgeson
Absorb what is useful. Discard what is not. Add what is uniquely your own.Bruce Lee
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.Dumbledore-The Goblet of Fire
Go ahead, let them judge you.Unknown
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.Muhammad Ali
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.Henri L. Bergson
The number of stressors has multiplied exponentially: traffic, money, success, work/life balance, the economy, the environment, parenting, family conflict, relationships, disease. As the nature of human life has become far more complicated, our ancient stress response hasn't been able to keep up.Andrew J. Bernstein
The secret of success is to be in harmony with existence, to be always calm to let each wave of life wash us a little farther up the shore.Cyril Connolly
The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire; the size of your dream; and how you handle disappointment along the way.Robert Kiyosaki
It will, of course, be understood that directly or indirectly, soon or late, every advance in the sciences of human nature will contribute to our success in controlling human nature and changing it to the advantage of the common weal.Edward Thorndike
Sometimes not telling people anything is a good thing.Jason Myers
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.Babe Ruth
Don’t let today’s disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow’s dreams.Unknown
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.Lolly Daskal
Much effort, much prosperity.Euripides
Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.Charles F. Kettering
Get action. Seize the moment. Man was never intended to become an oyster.Theodore Roosevelt
The biggest room in the world is room for improvement.Unknown
Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.Golda Meir
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. Bruce Feirstein
I want anyone who believes in life, liberty, pursuit of happiness to succeed. And I want any force, any person, any element of an overarching Big Government that would stop your success, I want that organization, that element or that person to fail. I want you to succeed.Rush Limbaugh
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.Walt Disney
A government for the people must depend for its success on the intelligence, the morality, the justice, and the interest of the people themselves.Grover Cleveland
I had an inspirational teacher at my junior school: Peter Nixon. He was enthusiastic, knowledgeable and slightly scary - a good combination for a teacher.Stephen Mangan
Stem cell research holds enormous promise for easing human suffering, and federal support is critical to its success.Tom Harkin
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.Unknown
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.Colin Powell
Sacred joy exists in any suffering.Lailah Gift Akita
Never cowardly or cruel. Never give up, never give in.Doctor Who
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible.Arthur C. Clarke
Every battle is won or lost before it is ever fought.Sun Tzu
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.Roy T. Bennett
A man should never neglect his family for business.Walt Disney
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome.Booker T. Washington
A diamond is merely a lump of coal that did well under pressure.Unknown
Human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives.William James
Try to look at your weakness and convert it into your strength. That's success.Zig Ziglar
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.Swami Sivananda
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.Unknown
All men's gains are the fruit of venturing.Herodotus
Real success is not, like, materialistic. It's being where you want to be when you want to be; just living your life how you feel; having an ultimate goal and being able to accomplish it.Lindsey Wixson
At the end of the day, the most overwhelming key to a child's success is the positive involvement of parents.Jane D. Hull
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.Georgia O'Keeffe
The NFL is a performance-based business, so you should have to perform to earn some of your money. At the same time, I realize that my success isn't just because of what I do out there.Colin Kaepernick
If you don't invest very much, then defeat doesn't hurt very much and winning is not very exciting.Dick Vermeil
One finds limits by pushing them.Herbert Simon
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.Benjamin Disraeli
It always takes two. For relationships to work, for them to break apart, for them to be fixed.Emily Giffin
All suffering originates from craving, from attachment, from desire.Edgar Allan Poe
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.Mattie Stepanek
I don’t believe in death, neither in flesh nor in spirit.Bob Marley
I get invited to many more literary festivals than I used to because I'm associated with 'Slumdog Millionaire,' the brand. Many more doors have opened up for me as a result of the global success of the film, although I believe that I'm the same person that existed before it.Vikas Swarup
I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.Henry David Thoreau
Once you agree upon the price you and your family must pay for success, it enables you to ignore the minor hurts, the opponent's pressure, and the temporary failures.Vince Lombardi
If we get our self-esteem from superficial places, from our popularity, appearance, business success, financial situation, health, any of these, we will be disappointed, because no one can guarantee that we'll have them tomorrow.Kathy Ireland
I pull a lot of the stuff that I play off the rhythm tracks - and Keith Richards has been one of the main contributors to my inspirational playing.Bobby Keys
So I feel like success is opportunity plus preparation, so work begets work, and as long as you're prepared it's going to continue to come your way.Anthony Mackie
Life's too mysterious to take too serious.Mary Engelbreit
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.Robert F. Kennedy
So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?Hunter S. Thompson
I really think that it's disgusting that Paris is the only place where it is illegal for paps to follow you around. It actually took someone losing their life - Diana, an inspirational woman - and then it changed, but they still won't change it in London! It's horrible!Cara Delevingne
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.Les Brown
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.Alexander Graham Bell
This world is ready to give up its secrets if we only know how to knock, how to give it the necessary blow. The strength and force of the blow come through concentration.Swami Vivekananda
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.Lao Tzu
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.Gilbert K. Chesterton
I am stable when my private life is a success.Don Johnson
I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything.Nikola Tesla
The power of pop culture stories should not be underestimated, and there is an enormous potential for inspirational stories that can have a positive, transformative effect on our lives.Anita Sarkeesian
I have had all of the disadvantages required for success.Larry Ellison
The wise does at once what the fool does at last.Baltasar Gracian
In actuality, California could be a wonderful place to live. In fact, if you're highly educated and ambitious, you can do quite well here while enjoying the sun and the fun. The only problem: California will then blame you for your success and recommend that all your cash be removed from you.Ben Shapiro
There is no substitute for victory.Douglas MacArthur
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.Vince Lombardi
Failure is success if we learn from it.Malcolm Forbes
I suppose your security is your success and your key to success is your fine palate.Gordon Ramsay
The man on top of the mountain didn't fall there.Vince Lombardi
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.Roger Babson
It's a slow process, but quitting won't speed it up.Anonymous
People say we were an overnight success. It took us a year to be an overnight success.James Daly
Belief creates the actual fact.William James
Success produces confidence; confidence relaxes industry, and negligence ruins the reputation which accuracy had raised.Ben Jonson
I demolish my bridges behind me...then there is no choice but to move forward.Fridtjof Nansen
Hope... is the companion of power, and the mother of success; for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.Samuel Smiles
When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and you argue about what to do about it only after you have had your technical success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.J. Robert Oppenheimer
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.Christopher Morley
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.Joyce Meyer
The Only Limit To Our Realization Of Tomorrow Will Be Our Doubts Of Today.Franklin D. Roosevelt
The things that we love tell us what we are.Thomas Aquinas
I love those who yearn for the impossible.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The reward of art is not fame or success but intoxication: that is why so many bad artists are unable to give it up.Jean Cocteau
Be so good they can't ignore you.Steve Martin
The real success in golf lies in turning three shots into two.Bobby Locke
What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.Jane Goodall
Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success.Martha Stewart
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.Edith Wharton
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.Dale Carnegie
My success isn't a result of arrogance - it's a result of belief.Conor McGregor
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.C.S. Lewis
Steroids do not guarantee you're going to have success. I think a lot of people think that they will, but they don't.Tony Gwynn
Barack Obama's inspirational whoosh to the presidency in 2008 was unusual. Most campaigns are less exhilarating; indeed, they are downright disappointing - until someone wins.Joe Klein
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.Walt Disney
I believe in destiny. There must be a reason that I am as I am. There must be.Robin Williams
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.Desmond Tutu
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.Alfred A. Montapert
Lee's great gifts are teaching and inspirational guidance, not administration and management.Cheryl Crawford
Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves.Charlotte Bronte
I believe success is preparation, because opportunity is going to knock on your door sooner or later but are you prepared to answer that?Omar Epps
Imagine Your Life Is Perfect In Every Respect; What Would It Look Like?Brian Tracy
Earl Nightingale has inspired more people toward success and fortune than any other motivational speaker on the planet.Zig Ziglar
The road to success is always under construction.Lily Tomlin
One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself.Lenoardo da Vinci
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?Robert Browning
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge.Abraham Joshua Heschel
There is no force like success, and that is why the individual makes all effort to surround himself throughout life with the evidence of it; as of the individual, so should it be of the nation.Marcus Garvey
The optimist underestimates how difficult it is to achieve real change, believing that anything is possible and it's possible now. Only by confronting head-on the reality that all progress is going to be obstructed by vested interests and corrupted by human venality can we create realistic programmes that actually have a chance of success.Julian Baggini
They alone live, who live for others.Swami Vivekananda
There's no secret about success. Did you ever know a successful man who didn't tell you about it?Kin Hubbard
Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and eating only the top half of each slice.Barbra Streisand
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.Robert H. Schuller
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.Dean Acheson
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.Albert Einstein
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.Victor Kiam
A lot of America is kind of done. People have been making films about it for 100 years. Everything to me feels used up. But Jo-Burg feels unbelievably inspirational to me.Neill Blomkamp
Of all the things people have taught me regarding life lessons or anything that would benefit me, I don't think anything helped me learn more about life than football. You go through so many different things: adversity, how to handle adversity, how to handle success, how to lead, how to be a teammate, how to communicate.Josh McDaniels
Nobody knows what you feel inside unless you tell them.Banksy
There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance.Socrates
As my father used to tell me, the only true sign of success in life is being able to do for a living that which makes you happy.Al Yankovic
It’s so much darker when a light goes out than it would have been if it had never shone.John Steinbeck
There are qualities which lead to success. Courage, perseverance, the ability to dream and to persevere.Soichiro Honda
If you want to go somewhere, goto is the best way to get there.Ken Thompson
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!John Muir
What's comin' will come, an' we'll meet it when it does.Hagrid–The Goblet of Fire
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.Mahatma Gandhi
There is nothing permanent except change.Heraclitus
Don't raise your voice. Improve your arguement.Harvey Specter
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.Oscar Wilde
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.Winston Churchill
Wake up. Kick ass. Repeat.Anonymous
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.Woody Allen
Even in the darkest of times, there is always hope. But sometimes fear clouds our vision. Sometimes our strength gives out. And yet sometimes, when all seems lost, a light shines through the darkness, and we are reminded that even the smallest amount of courage can turn the tides of war.Ignitus (The Legend of Spyro: Dawn of the Dragon)
Success isn't measured by money or power or social rank. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.Mike Ditka
You must do the things you think you cannot do.Eleanor Roosevelt
Practice is the best of all instructors.Publilius Syrus
No skill shapes a child's future success in school or in life more than the ability to read.Bob Riley
Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands.Zig Ziglar
Success represents the 1% of your work which results from the 99% that is called failure.Soichiro Honda
Don't be afraid of failure; be afraid of petty success.Maude Adams
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.George Washington
Once you’ve found the craft you love and you start to get some momentum, share it with other people. Teach that thing you love so that other’s can love it too.Markus Almond
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.Benjamin Disraeli
Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of going after yours.Zig Ziglar
Quality is more important than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles.Steve Jobs
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tommorrow is ours to win or lose.Lyndon B. Johnson
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable.Unknown
Knowing Is Not Enough; We Must Apply. Wishing Is Not Enough; We Must Do.Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
You’ll never change the world if you’re worried about being liked.Robin Sharma
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.Vince Lombardi
Victims make excuses. Leaders deliver results.Robin Sharma
You have to make it happen.Denis Diderot
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.Richard L. Evans
Do more of what makes you happy.Carmel McConnell
Never leave the scene of a good idea without taking action.Joshua Fields Millburn
Think with your whole body.Taisen Deshimaru
Currently, only 70 percent of our high school students earn diplomas with their peers, and less than one-third of our high school students graduate prepared for success in a four-year college.Ruben Hinojosa
 Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.W. Clement Stone
Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.Pablo Picasso
The authentic self is the soul made visible.Sarah Ban Breathnach
So much universe, and so little timeTerry Pratchett
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.Amelia Earhart
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.Lao Tzu
The boundary between what can be and your life, is your ideasPat Waldron
The American Dream is one of success, home ownership, college education for one's children, and have a secure job to provide these and other goals.Leonard Boswell
You don't have to be a genius or a visionary or even a college graduate to be successful. You just need a framework and a dream.Michael Dell
Dream is not that which you see while sleeping it is something that does not let you sleep.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
Action is the foundational key to all success.Pablo Picasso
You’ve got to make your team have value, innovation, and vision.Jack Ma
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.Paramahansa Yogananda
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.e. e. cummings
Today, figure out what makes you happy and do more of it. Figure out what doesn't and do less of it.Mandy Hale
When goodness is lost, it is replaced by morality.Tao Tzu
Man needs difficulties in life because they are necessary to enjoy the success.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.Ayn Rand
No foreign policy - no matter how ingenious - has any chance of success if it is born in the minds of a few and carried in the hearts of none.Henry Kissinger
It really is an honor if I can be inspirational to a younger singer or person. It means I've done my job.Aretha Franklin
BE STRONG
You never know who you are inspiringUnknown
More than ever before in human history, we share a common destiny. We can master it only if we face it together. And that is why we have the United Nations.Kofi Annan
There is probably a perverse pride in my administration... that we were going to do the right thing, even if short-term it was unpopular. And I think anybody who's occupied this office has to remember that success is determined by an intersection in policy and politics and that you can't be neglecting of marketing and P.R. and public opinion.Barack Obama
Your life is too important to give it to distractions.Robin Sharma
If we are a good team and know what we want to do, one of us can defeat ten of them.Jack Ma
In hindsight, I slid into arrogance based upon past success.Reed Hastings
Not all those who wander are lost.J. R. R. Tolkien
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
There is a loftier ambition than merely to stand high in the world. It is to stoop down and lift mankind a little higher.Henry Van Dyke
Argue with anything else, but don't argue with your own nature.Philip Pullman
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.Harriet Beecher Stowe
People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do.Rob Siltanen
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.Lolly Daskal
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint', then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.Vincent Van Gogh
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.Og Mandino
I have been up against tough competition all my life. I wouldn't know how to get along without it.Walt Disney
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.Vincent Van Gogh
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brainMark Twain
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.Philippos
My success has been something I've worked a long time at and it's been a gradual process. I compare it to the idea of someone losing a lot of weight over a period of a few years. You don't really notice the weight loss overall but if you compare photos from then and now there's a big difference.Ray William Johnson
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.Norman Vincent Peale
Don't let nobody tell you that you can't do it. Love what you do until you don't love it anymore. Nothing's impossible.Fetty Wap
No matter how difficult and painful it may be, nothing sounds as good to the soul as the truth.Martha Beck
Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people.Eleanor Roosevelt
Even if we lose the wealth of thousands, and our life is sacrificed, we…should keep smiling and be cheerful keeping our faith in God and Truth.Sardar Patel
The secret of my success is my hairspray.Richard Gere
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done.Vince Lombardi
Don’t live the same year 75 times and call it a life.Robin Sharma
Silence is the last thing the world will ever hear from me.Marlee Matlin
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals.Paul J. Meyer
Inspiration does exist but it must find you working.Pablo Picasso
Many are called but few get up.Oliver Herford
Whether you're successful or not, you'll never actually feel the joys of accomplishment unless you love yourself. Success can be very difficult to deal with. You have to stay in the center. If you let your success define you, then you're really just setting yourself up for failure.Goldie Hawn
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.Dale Carnegie
A gaffe in Washington is someone telling the truth, and telling the truth has never hurt me.Joe Biden
The more thing you do,the more you can do.Lucille Ball
People don't notice whether it is winter or summer when they are happy.Anton Chekhov
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.Unknown
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.Dwight D. Eisenhower
There are people who make things happen, there are people who watch things happen, and there are people who wonder what happened. To be successful, you need to be a person who makes things happen.Jim Lovell
Nothing is worth more than this day.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Time management is life management.Robin Sharma
The breaking of a wave cannot explain the whole sea.Vladimir Nabokov
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.George Lucas
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more timeThomas Edison
We pass through this world but once. Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within.Stephen Jay Gould
There's no success story. Everybody's got a ghetto story. You always want to make it bigger than what it is.Bernie Mac
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you.Unknown
Spend more time smiling than frowning and more time praising than criticising.Richard Branson
A hungry mob is an angry mob.Bob Marley
Obedience brings success; exact obedience brings miracles.Russell M. Nelson
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm.Jean Paul
Success is a consequence and must not be a goal.Gustave Flaubert
I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.John D. Rockefeller
I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat.Rose Kennedy
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.Napoleon Hill
What would you do if you weren't afraid.Spencer Johnson
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life..Mae West
Ten years from now, make sure you can say that you chose your life, you didnt settle for it.Mandy Hale
Greatness is so often a courteous synonym for great success.Philip Guedalla
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Sweat is fat crying.Unknown
Success is a consequence and must not be a goal.Gustave Flaubert
I don’t want to die without any scars.Chuck Palahniuk
Rome wasn't built in a day.Unknown
People are capable at any time in their lives, of doing what they dream of.Paulo Coelho
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.Mark Twain
Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.Charles Caleb Colton
They talk about the failure of socialism but where is the success of capitalism in Africa, Asia and Latin America?Fidel Castro
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.Sam Levenson
One of the things that happens in the business is that success is a very strange thing in that if you are involved in something very successful the next person wants you to repeat it.Elmer Bernstein
Choose not to be harmed—and you won’t feel harmed. Don’t feel harmed—and you haven’t been.Marcus Aurelius
Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work.Booker T. Washington
As long as you think your past is bad you must be improvingLouis C.K
If you are irritated by every rub, how will you be polished?Rumi
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.Shah Rukh Khan
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.George S. Patton
Talent is a wonderful thing, but it won't carry a quitter.Stephen King
Every skill you acquire doubles your odds of success.Scott Adams
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.Michael Jordan
Bodybuilding is an art, your body is the canvas, weights are your brush and nutrition is your paint. We all have the ability to turn a self-portrait into a masterpiece.Kai Greene
We make the world we live in and shape our own environment.Orison Swett Marden
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.Confucius
Playfully doing something difficult, whether useful or not, that is hacking.Richard Stallman
I've always believed that one woman's success can only help another woman's success.Gloria Vanderbilt
The way get started is to quit talking and begin doing.Walt Disney
When Maurice touched a keyboard, it was like something from a movie, magical. He would always give you something from a movie, and you'd go, what did you just play... immediately inspirational writings, amazing. That's what we're going to miss.Robin Gibb
You're only given one little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it.Robin Willaims
The more we do, the more we can do.William Hazlitt
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.William Butler Yeats
Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.Bruce Lee
There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things.Niccolo Machiavelli
The time I had waited probably made the difference between success and failure.Anna Neagle
Popcorn for breakfast! Why not? It's a grain. It's like, like, grits, but with high self-esteem.James Patterson
Dont let someone else’s opinion of you become your reality.Les Brown
Start where you are. Use what you can. Do what you can.Arthur Ashe
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name.Sylvia Browne
There's a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success.Paul Bryant
Commitment in the face of conflict produces character.Unknown
Marvin's Motivational Moments actually started as something that was actually therapeutic for me. I would sit up late at night after my wife passed trying to adjust to being alone.Marvin Sapp
One of the saddest things in life is to get to the end and look back in regret, knowing that you could have been and done so much more, and then wondering why you didn’t.Robin Sharma
All Birds find shelter during a rain.
But Eagle avoids rain by flying above the Clouds.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do themMichael Jordan
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.Woody Allen
Success is the one unpardonable sin against our fellows.Ambrose Bierce
Part of being a man is learning to take responsibility for your successes and for your failures. You can't go blaming others or being jealous. Seeing somebody else's success as your failure is a cancerous way to live.Kevin Bacon
We are taught to consume. And that's what we do. But if we realized that there really is no reason to consume, that it's just a mind set, that it's just an addiction, then we wouldn't be out there stepping on people's hands climbing the corporate ladder of success.River Phoenix
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.Anais Nin
The only limits on your life are those that you set yourself.Robin Sharma
It's hard for a man to live with a successful woman - they seem to resent you so much. Very few men are generous enough to accept success in their women.Shirley Bassey
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.John Quincy Adams
'Star Wars' is fun, its exciting, its inspirational, and people respond to that. It's what they want.George Lucas
I never expected any sort of success with 'Mockingbird'... I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement.Harper Lee
Life is tough but so are you.Anonymous
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.Elon Musk
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.Albert Einstein
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex… It takes a touch of genius – and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.Albert Einstein
There are many wonderful things that will never be done if you do not do them.Charles D Gill
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.Pele
No man is more unhappy than he who never faces adversity. For he is not permitted to prove himselfSeneca
The way get started is to quit talking and begin doing.Walt Disney
I think 'Heroes of Cosplay' will show a lot of the positive things, like how much effort it takes to make a costume. These people on the show aren't taking shortcuts. As long as that effort gets through to the viewers, we will be inspirational. Then there will be people who watch the show that want to get in and hands-on make outfits.Yaya Han
Life is like riding a bicycle. In order to maintain balance, you must keep moving.Albert Einstein
More power than all the success slogans ever penned by human hand is the realization for every man that he has but one boss. That boss is the man - he - himself.Gabriel Heatter
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.Napoleon Hill
If you know your goal and work for it you will reach the peak.Jounayet Rahman
Success is counted sweetest by those who never succeed.Emily Dickinson
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon sand.Ella Wheeler Wilcox
The more things change, the more they stay the same.Ada Wong (Resident Evil 6)
The main reason we waste time on small things is that we haven’t identified our big things.Robin Sharma
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.Aristotle
I believe in living today. Not in yesterday, nor in tomorrow.Loretta Young
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life.Tony Robbins
Even a slow walker will arrive.African Proverb
Feeling lost? Good! Now you get to walk to new paths that lead to much better places.Robin Sharma
This too, shall pass.Anonymous
When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful.Malala Yousafzai
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. Jim Rohn
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get.H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Few things are more important to each individual's future success or to our nation's prosperity than education.Mark Kennedy
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.Napoleon Hill
People seldom see the halting and painful steps by which the most insignificant success is achieved.Anne Sullivan
The manic pursuit of success cost me everything I could love: my wife, my three children, some friends I would have liked to grow old with.Sammy Davis, Jr.
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself. The Sorcerer’s Stone
You are not weak just because your heart feels so heavy.Andrea Gibson
Time is the most precious element of human existence. The successful person knows how to put energy into time and how to draw success from time.Denis Waitley
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.Theodore Roosevelt
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.Dean Acheson
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. So just take it step by step.Waka (Okami)
To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden.Seneca
Life’s blows cannot break a person whose spirit is warmed by the fire of enthusiasm.Norman Vincent Peale
You were designed for accomplishment, engineered for success, and endowed with the seeds of greatness.Zig Ziglar
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.Winston Churchill.
Don't waste your time on jealousy. Sometimes you're ahead. Sometimes you're behind. The race is long. And in the end, it's only with yourselfMary Schmich
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.The Sorcerer’s Stone
Our life is worth what it costed us in efforts.François Mauriac
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.Wayne Dyer
Anybody who succeeds is helping people. The secret to success is find a need and fill it; find a hurt and heal it; find a problem and solve it.Robert H. Schuller
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.Aristotle
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.Matthew Jeffers
As kids we're not taught how to deal with success; we're taught how to deal with failure. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. If at first you succeed, then what?Charlie Sheen
Personal relationships are the fertile soil from which all advancement, all success, all achievement in real life grows.Ben Stein
Do one thing every day that scares you.Unknown
The hardest thing to find in life is balance - especially, the more success you have, the more you look to the other side of the gate.Celine Dion
All Birds find shelter during a rain. But Eagle avoids rain by flying above the Clouds.A.P.J Abdul Kalam
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.Ellen DeGeneres
In actuality, California could be a wonderful place to live. In fact, if you're highly educated and ambitious, you can do quite well here while enjoying the sun and the fun. The only problem: California will then blame you for your success and recommend that all your cash be removed from you.Ben Shapiro
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more timeThomas Edison
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.Benjamin Disraeli
The two most important requirements for major success are: first, being in the right place at the right time, and second, doing something about it.Ray Kroc
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.Mary Kay Ash
It's not about how hard you can hit; it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward.Rocky Balboa
Success doesn't necessarily come from breakthrough innovation but from flawless execution. A great strategy alone won't win a game or a battle; the win comes from basic blocking and tackling.Naveen Jain
Telecom is a dramatic success in India and our view is, respecting the political process, and respecting the fact that these are sovereign decisions, is that, approaching India as a friend.John W. Snow
Love is the absence of judgment.Dalai Lama
We're born with success. It is only others who point out our failures, and what they attribute to us as failure.Whoopi Goldberg
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.Walt Disney
People residing within the cult of average don’t like to see others rise. It threatens their security and spotlights their low self-worth. Go for great, no matter what they say.Robin Sharma
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.Emily Dickinson
Success isn't measured by money or power or social rank. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.Mike Ditka
It’s not about the end goal, it’s about who you become by consistently pushing to the edge of your limits.Robin Sharma
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.Henry Kravis
Our purpose in Vietnam is to prevent the success of aggression. It is not conquest, it is not empire, it is not foreign bases, it is not domination. It is, simply put, just to prevent the forceful conquest of South Vietnam by North Vietnam.Lyndon B. Johnson
Be slow to criticize and fast to appreciate.Robin Sharma
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.Walter Scott
Let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.Dumbledore-The Half-Blood Prince
At the age of 18, I made up my mind to never have another bad day in my life. I dove into a endless sea of gratitude from which I've never emerged.Patch Adams
Roosevelt's declaration that Americans had 'nothing to fear but fear itself' was a glorious piece of inspirational rhetoric and just as gloriously wrong.Russell Baker
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourselfEpictetus
Sudden success in golf is like the sudden acquisition of wealth. It is apt to unsettle and deteriorate the character.P. G. Wodehouse
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.Albert Schweitzer
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.John F. Kennedy
Ambition is the path to success, persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.William Eardley IV
Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.Arnold Palmer
It is what we know already that often prevents us from learning.Claude Bernard
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.Colin Powell
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.Reggie Leach
Success is nothing if you don't have the right people to share it with; you're just gonna end up lonely.Selena Gomez
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.Antoine de Saint-Exupery
The very first step towards success in any occupation is to become interested in it.William Osler
I want anyone who believes in life, liberty, pursuit of happiness to succeed. And I want any force, any person, any element of an overarching Big Government that would stop your success, I want that organization, that element or that person to fail. I want you to succeed.Rush Limbaugh
Music doesn’t lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music.Jimi Hendrix
The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others.Hasidic Proverb
Its better to have nobody than someone who is half there, or who doesnt want to be there.Angelina Jolie
Children are wonderfully confident in their own imaginations. Most of us lose this confidence as we grow up.Sir Ken Robinson
Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right.Henry Ford
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.Sam Ewing
Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another.John Dewey
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.Aristotle
The strongest people aren’t always the people who win, but the people who don’t give up when they lose.Ashley Hodgeson
It's the steady, quiet, plodding ones who win in the lifelong race.Robert W. Service
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.Mae West
Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself.Octavia E. Butler
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.John Locke
This day is your life in miniature. Make it brilliant.Robin Sharma
I think anyone who has a passion for what they love to do, and who pursue it, is inspirational for me.Colin Morgan
In politics stupidity is not a handicapNapoleon Bonaparte
I am never without my lyric book. If anything inspirational happens, I have it there so nothing's forgotten.Gabrielle Aplin
We've stayed really normal and down to Earth I think, and haven't let the success thing go to our head.Ashley Olsen
I can, therefore I am.Simone Weil
I never could have achieved the success that I have without setting physical activity and health goals.Bonnie Blair
The most absurd and reckless aspirations have sometimes led to extraordinary success.Luc de Clapiers
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.Elbert Hubbard
Growing up in a group home, and with an undiagnosed learning disability to boot, the odds of success were not on my side. But when I joined the high school football team, I learned the value of discipline, focus, persistence, and teamwork - all skills that have proven vital to my career as a C.E.O. and social entrepreneur.Darell Hammond
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.Albert Einstein
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.Amelia Earhart
Purpose and laughter are the twins that must not separate. Each is empty without the other.Robert Greenleaf
The only yardstick for success our society has is being a champion. No one remembers anything else.John Madden
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focusMark Twain
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that countsWinston S. Churchill
The boundary between what can be and your life, is your ideasPat Waldron
Visualize this thing that you want, see it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blue print, and begin to build.R Collier
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.Helen Keller
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.Truman Capote
The brain is like a muscle. When it is in use we feel very good. Understanding is joyous.Carl Sagan
If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.Joseph Addison
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.Reggie Leach
Many are harmed by fear itself, and many may have come to their fate while dreading fateSeneca
I have had success throughout the years. Some of the hard rock bands today don't have the history that I have.Gary Cherone
No matter how much success you're having, you can't continue working together if you can't communicate.Matt Cameron
A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up.Albert Schweitzer
Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable.Fran Lebowitz
I think that success is having fun.Bruno Mars
From my tribe I take nothing, I am the maker of my own fortune.Tecumseh
Imagination creates reality.Richard Wagner
Don’t waste your time with explanations, people only hear what they want to hear.Paulo Coelho
I come to win.Leo Durocher
I wish I could just go tell all the young women I work with, all these fabulous women, 'Believe in yourself and negotiate for yourself. Own your own success.' I wish I could tell that to my daughter. But it's not that simple.Sheryl Sandberg
Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition.Elbert Hubbard
Jumping from failure to failure with undiminished enthusiasm is the big secret to success.Savas Dimopoulos
There's no talent here, this is hard work. This is an obsession.Conor McGregor
Enthusiasm moves the world.Arthur Balfour
Last night somebody broke into my apartment and replaced everything with exact duplicates... When I pointed it out to my roommate, he said, 'Do I know you?'Steven Wright 
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same.Audrey Hepburn
Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy.Wayne Gretzky
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.Unknown
To put things simply, if your past makes your present, then your present can and will make your future.
When you think about it that way, you absolutely have the potential to be anything you want to be.Yato ('Noragami')
We ought to walk through the rooms of our lives not looking for flaws, but looking for potential.Ellen Goodman
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.John Updike
A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.Jack Dempsey
Abnormally good or abnormally bad conditions do not last forever.Benjamin Graham
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile.Roger Staubach
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.Confucius
I'm happy to be on a winning team. My individual success, that lasts for a short period of time. The success of being a part of the South, of Atlanta, which is now the hot bed of music, that's what's gonna last the longest. The fact that I contributed to planting our flag and moving music to my city, that's what I'm most proud of.T.I.
Nothing succeeds like success. Get a little success, and then just get a little more.Maya Angelou
The only way to work is to love what you do.Steve Jobs
If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.Sydney Madwed
No matter how difficult and painful it may be, nothing sounds as good to the soul as the truth.Martha Beck
I am not afraid... I was born to do this.Joan of Arc
Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.J.K. Rowling
There is no force like success, and that is why the individual makes all effort to surround himself throughout life with the evidence of it; as of the individual, so should it be of the nation.Marcus Garvey
I congratulate you, my brave countrymen and fellow soldiers, on the spirit and success with which you have executed this important part of our enterprise.James Wolfe
If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all.Michaelangelo
Truth is the light, so you never give up the fight.Bob Marley
Everything you need for better future and success has already been written. And guess what? All you have to do is go to the library.Henri Frederic Amiel
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.Maya Angelou
Such a faith would be fatal to my reason, to my liberty, and even to the success of my undertakings; it would immediately transform me into a stupid slave, an instrument of the will and interests of others.Mikhail Bakunin
Take the stones people throw at you and use them to build a monument.Robin Sharma
You are born into genius, but have you resigned yourself to mediocrity?Robin Sharma
I can honestly say that I was never affected by the question of the success of an undertaking. If I felt it was the right thing to do, I was for it regardless of the possible outcome.Golda Meir
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.John Ruskin
To really appreciate life you got to know you're going to die.Joe Rogan
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.Babe Ruth
Tough times never last, but tough people do.Robert H. Schuller
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.Tony Robbins
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it.Oprah Winfrey
Life's too mysterious to take too serious.Mary Engelbreit
You stand with the least likely to succeed until success is succeeded by something more valuable: kinship. You stand with the belligerent, the surly and the badly behaved until bad behavior is recognized for the language it is: the vocabulary of the deeply wounded and of those whose burdens are more than they can bear.Greg Boyle
One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed.Herman Cain
It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success; they much oftener succeed through failures. Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done.Samuel Smiles
You can feel sore tomorrow or you can feel sorry tomorrow. You choose.Unknown
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change this world.Robin Willaims
Many are called but few get up.Oliver Herford
It is preoccupation with possession, more than anything else, that prevents men from living freely and nobly.Bertrand Russell
Change your thoughts and you change your world.Norman Vincent Peale
Too low they build, who build beneath the stars.Edward Young
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one.Charles Horton Cooley
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new pathsWalt Disney
You are the sky. Everything else – it’s just the weather.Pema Chodron
There's no abiding success without commitment.Tony Robbins
A bend in the road is not the end of the road…unless you fail to make the turn.Unknown
Well done is better than well said.Benjamin Franklin
Don’t allow your wounds to turn you into a person you are not.Paulo Coelho
Successful people make money. It's not that people who make money become successful, but that successful people attract money. They bring success to what they do.Wayne Dyer
I think there's an awful lot of noise about the Church being persecuted but there is a more real issue that the conventional churches face - that the people who are really driving their revival and success believe in an old-time religion which, in my view, is incompatible with a modern, multi-ethnic, multicultural society.Trevor Phillips
More than half of people who leave their jobs do so because of their relationship with their boss. Smart companies make certain their managers know how to balance being professional with being human. These are the bosses who celebrate an employee's success, empathize with those going through hard times, and challenge people, even when it hurts.Travis Bradberry
I am not a has-been. I am a will be.Lauren Bacall
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.Seneca
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.Benjamin Franklin
When you're working hard and doing all you can to achieve your goals, anything that can give you an edge is powerful and will streamline your path to success.Travis Bradberry
The man on top of the mountain didn't fall there.Vince Lombardi
The universe rewards calculated risk and passion.Joe Rogan
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.W. Clement Stone
Falling is not failing. Failing is staying where you fell.Socrate
All life demands struggle. Those who have everything given to them become lazy, selfish and insensitive to the real values of life. The very striving and hard work that we so constantly try to avoid is the major building block in the person we are today.Pope Paul VI
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.Henry Ford
Speak your truth even if your voice shakes.Robin Sharma
Prayer is man's greatest power!W. Clement Stone
A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but its persistence.Anonymous
A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up.Albert Schweitzer
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret.Earl Nightingale
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.Harriet Beecher Stow
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.Unknown
A diploma is by no means a sure ticket to life.Soichiro Honda
Make your life matter. Be of use. Serve as many people as possible. This is how each of us can shift from the ordinary to the extraordinary and walk amongst the best who ever lived.Robin Sharma
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world.Malala Yousafzai
People think that at the top there isn't much room. They tend to think of it as an Everest. My message is that there is tons of room at the top.Margaret Thatcher
The people who were trying to make this world worse are not taking the day off. Why should I?Bob Marley
You can be discouraged by failure, or you can learn from it. So go ahead and make mistakes, make all you can. Because, remember that's where you'll find success - on the far side of failure.Thomas J. Watson
I saw a lot of people have success handed to them that then exploited it. They didn't protect it or cherish it.Aaron Paul
Often, these downplay the power of cultural imperialism - in that sense, playing the game of US interests - by reassuring us that the global success of American mass culture is not as bad as all that.Fredric Jameson
Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.J.K. Rowling
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.Vaibhav Shah
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.Erma Bombeck
There are physical characteristics which are inherited. These include things like good looks, high intelligence, physical coordination. These attributes contribute to success in life, and success in life is a determinant of optimism.Martin Seligman
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a followerSteve Jobs
And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.Isaac Asimov
When one must, one can.Charlotte Whitton
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.George Edward Woodberry
Never retreat. Never explain. Get it done and let them howl.Benjamin Jowett
The turning point was when I hit my 30th birthday. I thought, if really want to write, it's time to start. I picked up the book How to Write a Novel in 90 Days. The author said to just write three pages a day, and I figured, I can do this. I never got past Page 3 of that book.James Rollins
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves.Larry King
Vision without execution is just hallucination.Henry Ford
Your current conditions are echoes of your past.Robin Sharma
The person who works and is never bored is never old. Work and interest in worthwhile things are the best remedy for age.Pablo Casals
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.Herbert Kaufman
The ego is not master in its own house.Sigmund Freud
I firmly believe that unless one has tasted the bitter pill of failure, one cannot aspire enough for success.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
It is true that the aristocracies seem to have abused their monopoly of legal knowledge; and at all events their exclusive possession of the law was a formidable impediment to the success of those popular movements which began to be universal in the western world.Henry James Sumner Maine
Life offers no guarantees... just choices; no certainty... but consequences; no predictable outcomes... just the privilege of pursuit.Tim Connor
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
There's no abiding success without commitment.Tony Robbins
No matter how you feel, Get up, dress up, show up and never give up.Anonymous
When you see yourself as a powerful creator of your conditions, you will see opportunities to get to your goals, and dreams, all around you.Robin Sharma
Music is my religion. Jimi Hendrix
This feat I also had no idea how to accomplish, but ignorance had never stopped me from taking action before.Viet Thanh Nguyen
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.Robin Williams
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture.Lydia M. Child
Know or listen to those who know.Baltasar Gracian
Today is the most important day of our lives.Thich Nhat Hanh
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.Abraham Lincoln
Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask. Everything you want also wants you. But you have to take action to get it.Jules Renard
Yesterday, you said tomorrow.Nike
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today. Thomas Jefferson
Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans.John Lennon
My mind's my kingdom.Francis Quarles
It is not the load that breaks you down. It's the way you carry it.Lou Holtz
By providing clear objectives for your team, and setting guardrails for how they get there, you will set them on the path to success.Chris Fussell
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.Confucius
Success in life is founded upon attention to the small things rather than to the large things; to the every day things nearest to us rather than to the things that are remote and uncommon.Booker T. Washington
A man chooses; a slave obeys.Andrew Ryan (BioShock)
Our future cannot depend on the government alone. The ultimate solutions lie in the attitudes and the actions of the American people.Joe Biden
Charles Lamb (1775 - 1834) Never let the demands of tomorrow interfere with the pleasures and excitement of today.Meredith Willson
The historical basis for the gap between the black middle class and underclass shows that ending discrimination, by itself, would not eradicate black poverty and dysfunction. We also need intervention to promulgate a middle-class ethic of success among the poor, while expanding opportunities for economic betterment.Henry Louis Gates
The reason a lot of people do not recognize opportunity is because it usually goes around wearing overalls looking like hard work.Thomas A. Edison
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.Helen Keller
The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success.James Cash Penney
We are what we believe we are.C.S. Lewis
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.Og Mandino
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been.Alan Alda
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.Dalai Lama
True leaders don't invest in buildings. Jesus never built a building. They invest in people. Why? Because success without a successor is failure. So your legacy should not be in buildings, programs, or projects; your legacy must be in people.Myles Munroe
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.Michael Jordan
It is such a luxury to open a new book that's highly recommended by friends - either an inspirational yet humorously self-deprecating memoir, or a page-turning piece of fiction.Kelli O'Hara
There is no scientific answer for success. You can't define it. You've simply got to live it and do it.Anita Roddick
In my experience, each failure contains the seeds of your next success– if you are willing to learn from it.Paul Allen
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind.Johannes Brahms
Never let your fear decide your fate.AWOLNATION, "Kill Your Heroes"
Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way.Skylar Grey
Don’t think about making art, just get it done.  Let everyone else decide if it’s good or bad, whether they love it or hate it.  While they are deciding, make even more art.Andy Warhol
One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low.Thomas Fuller
If you don't ask, you don't get.Stevie Wonder
Our success in Singapore was a Herculean effort by the whole team. Now I am determined to deliver on all we promised. I will be watching like a hawk.Sebastian Coe
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.Rumi
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.Colin R. Davis
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.Pope John XXIII
Ordinary people love entertainment. Extraordinary people adore education.Robin Sharma
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.Robert Frost
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.Plato
I feel like I want to take care of everyone and I also feel this terrible guilt if I am unable to. And I have felt this way ever since all this success started.Jim Carrey
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.John Locke
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.Anonymous
Creativity is intelligence having fun.Albert Einstein
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life.A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
Be first and be lonely.Ginni Rometty
To be a man requires that you accept everything life has to give you, beginning with your nameBurl Ives
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something.Muhammad Iqbal
Don’t be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.Unknown
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.John Quincy Adams
More than half of people who leave their jobs do so because of their relationship with their boss. Smart companies make certain their managers know how to balance being professional with being human. These are the bosses who celebrate an employee's success, empathize with those going through hard times, and challenge people, even when it hurts.Travis Bradberry
I realized I love motivating and I love empowering and I love inspiring people. I did that as an athlete for 18 years, and I am able to do that as a motivational speaker now as well as doing work on television.Dominique Dawes
Leap, and the net will appear.John Burroughs
The three most harmful addictions are heroin, carbohydrates, and a monthly salary.Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.Benjamin Disraeli
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on.Barack Obama
Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure.Sylvester Stallone
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no point in being a damn fool about it.W. C. Fields
The funny thing about having all this so-called success is that behind it is a certain horrible emptiness.Sam Shepard
Pride is not the opposite of shame, but it’s source. True humility is the only antidote to shame.Iroh of the Fire Nation
Happy people are ignoramuses and glory is nothing else but success, and to achieve it one only has to be cunning.Mikhail Lermontov
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family, friends, and coworkers, and even strangers you meet along the way.Barbara Bush
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart.Anonymous (Ancient Indian Proverb)
What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter. And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people's lives.Oprah Winfrey
Motivation will almost always beat mere talent.Norman Ralph Augustine
Always desire to learn something useful.Sophocles
Some people can’t believe in themselves until someone else believes in them first.Sean Maguire, from Good Will Hunting
Imagine Your Life Is Perfect In Every Respect; What Would It Look Like?Brian Tracy
It's how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success.Charlotte Whitton
Let go of those who bring you down and surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you.Unknown
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.Alan Watts
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.Robert H. Schuller
Success is getting and achieving what you want. Happiness is wanting and being content with what you get.Bernard Meltzer
If a building becomes architecture, then it is artArne Jacobsen
The Patriot Act is essential to our continued success in the war on terror here at home.Mike Pence
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.Les Brown
There is little success where there is little laughter.Andrew Carnegie
The world of reality has its limits; the world of imagination is boundless.Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Success is what you do with your ability. It's how you use your talent.George Allen, Sr.
Thought is the original source of all wealth, all success, all material gain, all great discoveries and inventions, and of all achievement.Claude M. Bristol
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it.Charles Swindoll
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.Aesop
Life has a way of testing a person’s will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen at once.Paulo Coelho
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.Christopher Lasch
Someone who thinks the world is always cheating him is right. He is missing that wonderful feeling of trust in someone or something.Eric Hoffer
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.Helen Keller
The time I had waited probably made the difference between success and failure.Anna Neagle
You never lose a dream. It just incubates as a hobby.Larry Page
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.Arnold H. Glasow
Books are challenging and inspirational to me.Amy Sedaris
Success breeds complacency. Complacency breeds failure. Only the paranoid survive.Andy Grove
Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn’t matter to me. Going to bed at night saying we’ve done something wonderful… that’s what matters to me.Steve Jobs
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out whyMark Twain
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.John F. Kennedy
I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you’re on it.Johnny Depp
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.Unknown
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sureMark Twain
First-person narrators is the way I know how to write a book with the greatest power and chance of artistic success.Anne Rice
Successful entrepreneurs find the balance between listening to their inner voice and staying persistent in driving for success - because sometimes success is waiting right across from the transitional bump that's disguised as failure.Naveen Jain
Love is the secret weapon of the iconic entrepreneur. Work with love, lead with love, serve with love. Do these and you become undefeatable.Robin Sharma
You never know that the things you’re doing are that meaningful to society.Jack Ma
I do like alternative rock and rap, but as far as inspirational, then I go full-on orchestra. It fills up your entire being.Osric Chau
I'm not really easy to live with! There needs to be unlimited patience and unconditional love. Men I've known before loved my independent spirit and were proud of my success, to the point that they'd become jealous of the time I devote to my career.Milla Jovovich
Years of love have been forgot in the hatred of a minute.Edgar Allan Poe
As my family story shows, Latinos have been a blessing for USA for many generations. The future of America depends in part on the success of the Latino community, and this opportunity is just one more signifier of that.Julian Castro
We know from research that growth is actually contagious, so if you want to reach your goals, you've got to get around people that are going in the same direction you want to be going, and you will catch the success.Henry Cloud
We can come to look upon the deaths of our enemies with as much regret as we feel for those of our friends, namely, when we miss their existence as witnesses to our success.Arthur Schopenhauer
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.Niccolo Machiavelli
Giving back, doing motivational speeches and stuff like that, that's always made me feel good. If you repeatedly go out there, and you are the change that you want to see, then that's what you are.Keke Palmer
Every genuine work of art has as much reason for being as the earth and the sun.Ralph Waldo Emerson
A river cuts through the rock not because of its power but because of its persistence.Jim Watkins
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.Helen Keller.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.Chris Grosser
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.Nelson Mandela
Whenever you are confronted with an opponent, conquer him with love.Mahatma Gandhi
Don’t be afraid. There are exquisite things in store for you. This is merely the beginning.Oscar Wilde
If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun.APJ Abdul Kalam
Rejected pieces aren't failure; unwritten pieces are.Greg Daugherty
All men's gains are the fruit of venturing.Herodotus
It's cool to have critical success because it's always nice for your peers to say, 'Good job.' But who cares about them?Zac Hanson
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday.John Wayne
BE STRONG
You never know who you are inspiringUnknown
Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.Pablo Picasso
You can’t go back and make a brand new start. But, you can start now and make a brand new ending.Anonymous
There is always room at the top.Daniel Webster
Great leaders understand that historical success tends to produce stable and inwardly focused organizations, and these outfits, in turn, reinforce a feeling of contentment with the status quo.John P. Kotter
Without failure there is no sweetness in success. There's no understanding of it.Glenn Beck
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.Vince Lombardi
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.Eleanor Roosevelt
I grew up in a very spiritual home in a Liberty City neighborhood of Miami, FL. I was raised in the church, and my mother was a very inspirational person in my life.Robert Battle
It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness; that is life. Jean Luc Picard
The Wright brothers flew right through the smoke screen of impossibility.Charles Kettering
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
You can have everything you want in life if you just help enough people get what they want in life.Zig Ziglar
I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me.Zane Grey
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.Leonardo da Vinci
I’d rather attempt to do something great and fail, than to attempt nothing and succeed.Robert H. Schuller
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom.James Allen
I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well.Johann Sebastian Bach
To get down to the quick of it, respect motivates me - not success.Hugh Jackman
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.Vincent McNabb
A tragic irony of life is that we so often achieve success or financial independence after the chief reason for which we sought it has passed away.Ellen Glasgow
People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do.Rob Siltanen
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.Gordon B. Hinckley
Dont settle. Dont finish crappy books. If you dont like the menu, leave the restaurant. If youre not on the right path, get off it.Chris Brogan
Knowing Is Not Enough; We Must Apply. Wishing Is Not Enough; We Must Do.Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.Babe Ruth
Personally, I can't see the appeal in trekking down to D.C. for a networking extravaganza, even if it is built around a special moment in American history. While I find the election of Barack Obama inspirational, I don't have a desire to memorialize it with overly effusive celebration.Jamie Johnson
Success in the majority of circumstances depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.Charles de Montesquieu
Keep your feet on the ground, but let your heart soar as high as it will. Refuse to be average or to surrender to the chill of your spiritual environment.Arthur Helps
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.Carol Burnett
One needs more than ambition and talent to make a success of anything, really. There must be love and a vocation.Jessye Norman
Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?Tony Robbins
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.William Blake
On your journey through life, make sure your biography has at least one extraordinary chapter.Unknown
You take all the things that frighten you, and when you can get them to work for you all of sudden people are calling you a success.Randy Bachman
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing-that's why we recommend it daily.Zig Ziglar
My success was not based so much on any great intelligence but on great common sense.Helen Gurley Brown
They can conquer who believe they can.Virgil
Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you.Warren Buffett
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.Carol Burnett
I didn’t fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong.Benjamin Franklin
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.Charles R. Swindoll
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.Socrates
Every skill you acquire doubles your odds of success.Scott Adams
The dog that trots about finds a bone.Golda Meir
I define success as being comfortable with yourself and your life. And that is about as good as it gets, really.Treat Williams
There is only one happiness in life – to love and to be loved.George Sand
Do something you really like, and hopefully it pays the rent. As far as I'm concerned, that's success.Tom Petty
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.William Shakespeare
I want to make sure I don't interfere with the success of that team next year. I don't see any way I could go to practice like most of 'em do, and not hurt the team. I'd go nuts if I tried doing that.Bear Bryant
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it... Success is shy - it won't come out while you're watching.Tennessee Williams
The only thing even in this world is the number of hours in a day. The difference in winning or losing is what you do with those hours.Woody Hayes
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.Thomas A. Edison
A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at.Bruce Lee
Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.Mike Ditka
Motivation is like food for the brain. You cannot get enough in one sitting. It needs continual and regular top ups.Peter Davies
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.Bill Gates
You’re going to go through tough times.that’s life. But I say, ‘Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.’ See the positive in negative events
Success in management requires learning as fast as the world is changing.Warren Bennis
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.Pope Paul VI
I think that the reason for my success is that I am really not aspirational. I am inspirational in that the people at home feel like they can really relate to me.Rosie O'Donnell
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.Confucius
Strength and growth come only from continuous effort and struggle.Napolean Hill
Sport is something that is very inspirational for young people.Pele
Everyone who achieves success in a great venture, solves each problem as they came to it. They helped themselves. And they were helped through powers known and unknown to them at the time they set out on their voyage. They keep going regardless of the obstacles they met.W. Clement Stone
Whatever ought to be, can be.James Rouse
If we have the courage to follow them, all dreams coome true.Walt Disney
Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success.Virat Kohli
We are not who we come from. We are who we allow ourselves to become.Dawn Garcia
My father, Oliver Hynes, was an educator. He was originally just a teacher, a very good one, but then he was promoted to be in charge of education for the entire area. He was always an inspirational teacher. He was my big personal supporter, always coming here for the Tony Awards. My mother, Carmel, was a homemaker.Garry Hynes
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.William Faulkner
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.Bertrand Russell
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.Bill Cosby
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.Flip Wilson
To be ready to fail is to be prepared for success.Jose Bergamin
Success is survival.Leonard Cohen
Success is the most important to many, to me it's just a bonus.Lucas Grabeel
Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.Luna Lovegood, The Order of the Phoenix
Reach for it. Push yourself as far as you can.Christa McAuliffe
I saw a lot of people have success handed to them that then exploited it. They didn't protect it or cherish it.Aaron Paul
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit themBruce Lee
A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success.Bo Bennett
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.Bertrand Russell
Every city across the country that has successfully renewed and revitalized itself points to a robust education system as its fundamental key to success.Alan Autry
Never cowardly or cruel. Never give up, never give in.Doctor Who
It's not worth doing something unless you were doing something that someone, somewere, would much rather you weren't doing.Terry Pratchett
I believe that one key to success is to accept truth, no matter how it's spoken.Robert Kiyosaki
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.Mother Teresa
The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe.Bob Ross
Never give up. Never let things out of your control dictate who you are.Unknown
You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself.Swami Vivekananda
It is very important to know who you are. To make decisions. To show who you are.Malala Yousafzai
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee.Joseph Barber Lightfoot
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it.Steve Jobs
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.Napoleon Hill
There is a miracle in your mess, don't let the mess make you miss the miracle.Patience Johnson
As I've progressed in my career, I've come to appreciate - and really value - the other attributes that define a company's success beyond the P&L: great leadership, long-term financial strength, ethical business practices, evolving business strategies, sound governance, powerful brands, values-based decision-making.Ursula Burns
The ancient Oracle said that I was the wisest of all the Greeks. It is because I alone, of all the Greeks, know that I know nothing.Socrates
Thriving for small things is achieving big things.Samuel Becket
Your belief determines your action and your action determines your results, but first you have to believe.Mark Victor Hansen
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.Zig Ziglar
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.Thomas Jefferson
Perseverance - a lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success.Ambrose Bierce
Victory has a thousand fathers, but defeat is an orphan.John F. Kennedy
Business gives you a massive high. Doing a great deal, coming up with an inspirational solution... It's very addictive. But it doesn't last long. In isolation, it's a bit sterile. It doesn't reward the soul.John Caudwell
My greatest success story has been my family.Alex Spanos
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.Harriet Beecher Stowe
Almost no one is foolish enough to imagine that he automatically deserves great success in any field of activity; yet almost everyone believes that he automatically deserves success in marriage.Sydney J. Harris
If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough.Oprah Winfrey
ailure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.Og Mandino
For every two minutes of glamour, there are eight hours of hard work.Jessica Savitch
Set yourself earnestly to see what you are made to do, and then set yourself earnestly to do it.Phillips Brooks
Argue for your limitations, and surely they're yours.Richard Bach
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talent.John W. Gardner
A guitar is like an old friend that is there with me.B.B. King
A human being is part of a whole called by us the universe.Albert Einstein
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.Ella Wheeler Wilcox
If you would be a good reader, read; if a writer, write.Epictetus
Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable.Fran Lebowitz
You are beautiful because you let yourself feel, and that is a brave thing indeed.Shinji Moon
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.Charles R. Swindoll
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.Norman Vincent Peale
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.Julie Andrews
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.Charles Morgan
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.Napoleon Hill
Success is the only motivational factor that a boy with character needs.Woody Hayes
I won't be a rock star. I will be a legend.Freddie Mercury
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.Ralph Waldo Emerson
By providing clear objectives for your team, and setting guardrails for how they get there, you will set them on the path to success.Chris Fussell
Anybody who succeeds is helping people. The secret to success is find a need and fill it; find a hurt and heal it; find a problem and solve it.Robert H. Schuller
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.George Herbert
You can't break a man the way you do a dog or a horse. The harder you beat a man, the taller he stands.The Jackal (Far Cry 2)
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.Nelson Mandela
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.Amelia Earhart
The way you start your day determines how well you live your day.Robin Sharma
Don't underestimate the value of doing nothing, of just going along, listening to all the things you can't hear, and not bothering.Winnie the Pooh
The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs… one step at a time.Joe Girard
Edit your life frequently and ruthlessly. It's your masterpiece after all.Nathan W. Morris
Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success.Virat Kohli
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.Unknown
While formal schooling is an important advantage, it is not a guarantee of success nor is its absence a fatal handicap.Ray Kroc
I love those who yearn for the impossible.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If you can do what you do best and be happy, you're further along in life than most people.Leonardo DiCaprio
I believe in luck: how else can you explain the success of those you dislike?Jean Cocteau
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.Vincent McNabb
You're either changing your life or you're not. No waiting for this or that or better weather or other hurdles. Hurdles are the change.Terri Guillemets
- More quotations on: [Patience] I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.John Cage
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.Unknown
What we think, we become.Buddha
I hate to be a failure. I hate and regret the failure of my marriages. I would gladly give all my millions for just one lasting marital success.J. Paul Getty
As an actor there's a lot of scrutiny and, even when you've had success, it becomes about sustaining that success. A friend of mine described it as a peakless mountain. Even for De Niro there's Pacino and for Pacino there's De Niro.Eddie Redmayne
Winners don't make excuses.Harvey Specter
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.Henry Ward Beecher
If you have no critics you'll likely have no success.Malcolm X
It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them.George Eliot
What the caterpillar calls the end, the rest of the world calls a butterfly.Lao Tzu
The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing.Walt Disney
Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.Helen Keller
All of us are born for a reason, but all of us don't discover why. Success in life has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others.Danny Thomas
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.Malcolm X
Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition.Elbert Hubbard
When you’re old, you’ll have wished you dreamed bigger, reached higher and achieved more. So why wait until you’re old?Robin Sharma
Plant your garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers.Jose Luis Borges
Oh captain, my captain.Todd Anderson
Space exploration is important research to our economic and national defense, and America's space program is a symbol of our success as a scientifically and technologically advanced nation.Randy Forbes
Life is strange. You keep moving and keep moving. Before you know it, you look back and think, 'What was that?'.Joe Rogan
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.Unknown
Always remember that striving and struggle precede success, even in the dictionary.Sarah Ban Breathnach
[S]he refused to be bored chiefly because she wasn’t boring.Zelda Fitzgerald
Inside every old person is a young person wondering what happened.Terry Pratchett
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.Bradley Whitford
We've had great successes, but our future is not about our past success. It's going to be about whether we will invent things that are really going to drive our future.Satya Nadella
I wish I could just go tell all the young women I work with, all these fabulous women, 'Believe in yourself and negotiate for yourself. Own your own success.' I wish I could tell that to my daughter. But it's not that simple.Sheryl Sandberg
We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different.Unknown
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.Aristotle
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.Zig Ziglar
We should not allow fear or anxiety to stop us from doing something. If you think through something well and prepare thoroughly, you can do a lot of things you think you can't.Kumar Sangakkara
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.Ann Landers
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you do, you'll be successful.Tyga
All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important.Manny Pacquiao
Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.Walt Disney
Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem.Henry Kissinger
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.Seneca
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.Vince Lombardi
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.Woodrow Wilson
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.Alfred Sheinwold
Success is always temporary. When all is said and one, the only thing you'll have left is your character.Vince Gill
Life is short, the art is longHippocrates
There’s no such thing as 'no such thing.'Greed ('Fullmetal Alchemist')
If you want something you can have it, but only if you want everything that goes with it, including all the hard work and the despair, and only if you're willing to risk failure.Philip Pullman
If you give people tools, and they use their natural abilities and their curiosity, they will develop things in ways that will surprise you very much beyond what you might have expected.Bill Gates
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.Annie Dillard
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uniformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informedMark Twain
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.George Halas
Success can make you go one of two ways. It can make you a prima donna - or it can smooth the edges, take away the insecurities, let the nice things come out.Barbara Walters
Brand is not a product, that's for sure; it's not one item. It's an idea, it's a theory, it's a meaning, it's how you carry yourself. It's aspirational, it's inspirational.Kevin Plank
We are all capable of becoming fundamentalists because we get addicted to other people's wrongness.Pema Chodron
This is just rap. I'm not trying to make people think I'm some sort of scientific wizard or inspirational poet.Action Bronson
It is such a luxury to open a new book that's highly recommended by friends - either an inspirational yet humorously self-deprecating memoir, or a page-turning piece of fiction.Kelli O'Hara
When you win, nothing hurts.Joe Namath
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.Albert Einstein
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.Og Mandino
People who urge you to be realistic generally want you to accept their version of reality.Unknown
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?Robert H. Schuller
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.Unknown
Whatever it is you’re seeking won’t come in the form you’re expecting.Haruki Murakami
A further sign of health is that we don't become undone by fear and trembling, but we take it as a message that it's time to stop struggling and look directly at what's threatening us.Pema Chodron
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.Unknown
No apology is necessary for being truthful to the echoes of one’s mother tongue.Mulk Raj Anand
When you're going through hell, keep going.Winston Churchill
Four years of football are calculated to breed in the average man more of the ingredients of success in life than almost any academic course he takes.Knute Rockne
The mark of a great man is one who knows when to set aside the important things in order to accomplish the vital ones.Brandon Sanderson
The ones who want to achieve and win championships motivate themselves.Mike Ditka
The most important thing is being passionate about what you're doing and always give it your all. That is the key to success.Charlie White
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.Nathaniel Hawthorne
Our success as a global brand has been directly related to how we select locations where we are confident our particular clients desire to be. Los Cabos, Mexico is the ideal Engel & Volkers market, growing in popularity among world luxury travelers seeking exceptional properties for second home opportunities.Anthony Hitt
Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.Golda Meir
You cannot allow your desire to be a winner to be diminished by achieving success before and I believe there is room for improvement in every sportsman.Lionel Messi
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam 
Do the scary thing first, and get scared later.Lemony Snicket
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.Dwight D. Eisenhower
Belief creates the actual fact.William James
Learn from other men’s mistakes. You really do not have to touch the fire to see how hot it is!Chanakya
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.Martha Stewart
We fall forward to succeed.Mary Kay Ash
Yes I have made a lot of money and I have a lot of respect, my films have done well, and I know there are loads of loads of people who look up to me and really love me. I really just thought this is like a strange dream. I have never thought this is a success - I don't have a standard.Shah Rukh Khan
I was successful materially, but I know life is much more than worldly success. I saw all these blessings God had given me. The way to give thanks is obedience to God.Hakeem Olajuwon
When you delegate work to the member of the team, your job is to clearly frame success and describe the objectives.Steven Sinofsky
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.Eleanor Roosevelt
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.Han Suyin
I believe success is preparation, because opportunity is going to knock on your door sooner or later but are you prepared to answer that?Omar Epps
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings.Lao Tzu
Problems or successes, they all are the results of our own actions. Karma. The philosophy of action is that no one else is the giver of peace or happiness. One's own karma, one's own actions are responsible to come to bring either happiness or success or whatever.Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.Mark Twain
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.Margaret Thatcher
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.Stephen King
Stay hungry, stay foolishSteve Jobs
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.Samuel Beckett
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.Rabindranath Tagore
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.Henry David Thoreau
The most important thing about motivation is goal setting. You should always have a goal.Francie Larrieu Smith
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.Unknown
It is not the style of clothes one wears, neither the kind of automobile one drives, nor the amount of money one has in the bank, that counts. These mean nothing. It is simply service that measures success.George Washington Carver
You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life.H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
I have a tendency to sabotage relationships; I have a tendency to sabotage everything. Fear of success, fear of failure, fear of being afraid. Useless, good-for-nothing thoughts.Michael Buble
Give Obama a script he has made his own, and he is the motivational speaker to end all speakers. Tony Robbins cloned with Honest Abe.Tina Brown
Success breeds success.Mia Hamm
I knew, regardless of anything else, singing in front of an orchestra was going to be inspirational. It would feed me.George Michael
I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving.Oliver Wendell Holmes
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.Og Mandino
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.George Orwell
What moves men of genius, or rather what inspires their work, is not new ideas, but their obsession with the idea that what has already been said is still not enough.Eugene Delecroix
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.Confucius
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.Albert Einstein
It is so inspirational, to see that in the world of Westeros, men are answering to women, and they are a force to be reckoned with. It's empowering, and it's inspirational as well, because you're just like, 'This is great!'Rose Leslie
Listen to yourself the voice that’s in your Heart not your head,it will lead you to your Goal.Les Brown
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.Lolly Daskal
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.Unknown
Failure is a bruise, not a tattoo.Jon Sinclair
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.Dale Carnegie
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.Jane Smiley
The success of a production depends on the attention paid to detail.David O. Selznick
I never dreamt of success, I worked for it.Estee Lauder
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.Arlen Specter
Be passionate. Be optimistic. Be grateful.Conor McGregor
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.Nelson Mandela
Inside every sane person there’s a madman struggling to get outTerry Pratchett
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams.Hosea Ballou
If you fail, never give up because F.A.I.L. means “First Attempt In Learning”.
End is not the end, if fact E.N.D. means “Effort Never Dies”. If you get No as an answer, remember N.O. means “Next Opportunity”.
So Let’s be positive.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
I feel like I want to take care of everyone and I also feel this terrible guilt if I am unable to. And I have felt this way ever since all this success started.Jim Carrey
Wal-Mart's success strategies and tactics are easy to understand yet hard to duplicate.Michael Bergdahl
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.H. L. Hunt
Set yourself earnestly to see what you are made to do, and then set yourself earnestly to do it.Phillips Brooks
Life brings simple pleasures to us every day. It is up to us to make them wonderful memories.Cathy Allen
I was taught that the way of progress is neither swift nor easy.Marie Curie
I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business.Kathy Ireland
The world breaks everyone and afterward many are strong at the broken places.Unknown
Go out and do something. It isn’t your room that’s a prison, it’s yourself.Sylvia Plath
Believe that you can do it cause you can do it.Bob Ross
I would like to wish the England squad every success. I would also very much like to extend those wishes to Martin Johnson, Brian Smith, Mike Ford, John Wells, Graham Rowntree and the rest of the England 2011 World Cup management team who have been fantastic and deserve people to know that.Jonny Wilkinson
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves.Larry King
The difference between us and them, between you and success, is not that you never fail, but it's how you recover from those failures - is that you keep getting up time and time again. You figure out what you did wrong, and then you make it right. I say that to my kids every day.Michelle Obama
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.Alexander the Great
Know the rules well, so you can break them effectively.Dalai Lama
I will either find a way, or make oneHannibal
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.John Wooden
Excellence can be obtained if you care more than others think is wise, risk more than others think is safe, dream more than others think is practical, expect more than others think is possible.Unknown
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.Florence Nightingale
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure - which is: Try to please everybody.Herbert Bayard Swope
This CD became something of a personal journey for me. The tone of the whole CD is uplifting and inspirational. It's an upper. We have enough downers in the world.Roma Downey
Ideation without execution is delusion.Robin Sharma
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.Dean Acheson
As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it.Chanakya
When you delegate work to the member of the team, your job is to clearly frame success and describe the objectives.Steven Sinofsky
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Whatever you do to gain success, you have to hang in there and hope good things happen. Always think positive.Don Rickles
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything.Dan Millman
I worked half my life to be an overnight success, and still it took me by surprise.Jessica Savitch
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focusMark Twain
Pick your life, don't let it pick you.anonymous
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. Lolly Daskal
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.Michael Jordan
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.Aristotle
Care a lot more about how many people you help than how much recognition you receive.Robin Sharma
I came to America with a dream and I made it. The dream became reality. America is built for success.Jean-Claude Van Damme
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it.Steve Jobs
I'm always happy when I'm protesting.Richard Stallman
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.Jim Rohn
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can’t accept not trying.Michael Jordan
Success is not a function of the size of your title but the richness of your contribution.Robin S. Sharma
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.Aeschylus
I don't like being choreographed to a T. I like to take steps and make them my own.John Cameron Mitchell
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.Emmet Fox
It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop.Confucius
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.Nido Qubein
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.William Butler Yeats
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Success in almost any field depends more on energy and drive than it does on intelligence. This explains why we have so many stupid leaders.Sloan Wilson
He who conquers others is strong, he who conquers himself is mighty.Lao Tsu
Temporary habits are almost as bad as no habits at all.Ryan Nicodemus
We are what we believe we are.C.S. Lewis
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear.Mark Twain
Earl Nightingale has inspired more people toward success and fortune than any other motivational speaker on the planet.Zig Ziglar
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.Malala Yousafzai
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.Audre Lorde
I thought 'Moulin Rouge' was inspirational, and 'Jesus Christ Superstar' I loved.Pierce Brosnan
The winds and the waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.Edward Gibbon
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.Winston Churchill
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.Pope Paul VI
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.Franklin D. Roosevelt
My success is not due to any personal superiority over other people.John Philip Sousa
We don't set out to save the world; we set out to wonder how other people are doing and to reflect on how our actions affect other people's hearts.Pema Chodron
We May Encounter Many Defeats But We Must Not Be Defeated.Maya Angelou
Opportunity lies in the place where the complaints are.Jack Ma
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.Stephen Hawking
Everything that is excellent will come when this sleeping soul is aroused to self conscious activity.Swami Vivekananda
My mind's my kingdom.Francis Quarles
Get busy living, or get busy dying.Stephen King
Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is just opinion.Democritus
Clear your mind of can't.Samuel Johnson
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.Napoleon Hill
It's only after you've stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.Roy T. Bennett
May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears.Nelson Mandela
Success - keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep.Walter Scott
The more things you do, the more you can do.Lucille Ball
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.Albert Einstein
It is very important to know who you are. To make decisions. To show who you are.Malala Yousafzai
You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.Maya Angelou
Do not watch the clock. Do what it does. Keep going.Sam Levenson
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.Dolly Parton
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.Henry David Thoreau
I have more love, success, and security than I could ever dream of.George Michael
Change can either challenge or threaten us. Your beliefs pave your way to success or block you.Marsha Sinetar
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.Unknown
Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth.Pema Chodron
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.George Allen, Sr.
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure.Zig Ziglar
I want to see success right away. And I want to never give up, never stop.Joe Nichols
If you’re going through hell keep going.Winston Churchill
When you're working hard and doing all you can to achieve your goals, anything that can give you an edge is powerful and will streamline your path to success.Travis Bradberry
Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand.Bob Proctor, You Were Born Rich
I would love to be a guest on a talk show or a panel that shows women who have been on reality shows who've had success, to prove to audiences that you don't have to be a fool to become successful.NeNe Leakes
Never give up. Today is hard, tomorrow will be worse, but the day after tomorrow will be sunshine.Jack Ma
A will finds a way.Orison Swett Marden
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.Lao Tzu
Be willing to go all out, in pursuit of your dream. Ultimately it will pay off. You are more powerful than you think you are. Go for it.Les Brown
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.Benjamin Disraeli
The development of our human resources is an area in which we need to do well as it is decisive in determining the success of our diversification programme.Hassanal Bolkiah
If you look at the common denominator of all the comics who have had big success, it's being true to their nature... that's what takes a long time to learn.Ron White
Success is dangerous. One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others. It leads to sterility.Pablo Picasso
In most things success depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.Charles de Montesquieu
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.Napoleon Hill
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.Helen Keller
I do not like to repeat successes, I like to go on to other things.Walt Disney
Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.J.K. Rowling
That's my only goal. Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard.Joe Rogan
Business gives you a massive high. Doing a great deal, coming up with an inspirational solution... It's very addictive. But it doesn't last long. In isolation, it's a bit sterile. It doesn't reward the soul.John Caudwell
Success is full of promise till one gets it, and then it seems like a nest from which the bird has flown.Henry Ward Beecher
Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it.Ella Wheeler Wilcox
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do without thought of fame. If it comes at all it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after.Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.Les Brown
A long apprenticeship is the most logical way to success. The only alternative is overnight stardom, but I can't give you a formula for that.Chet Atkins
Stay hungry, stay foolishSteve Jobs
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.Unknown
It always seems impossible until it's done. Nelson Mandela
There is probably a perverse pride in my administration... that we were going to do the right thing, even if short-term it was unpopular. And I think anybody who's occupied this office has to remember that success is determined by an intersection in policy and politics and that you can't be neglecting of marketing and P.R. and public opinion.Barack Obama
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.Swami Vivekananda
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.Winston Churchill
I worked at The Old Globe Theater under the great baton of Craig Noel. One of the great theater heroes that we have. He was so great and so inspirational. I think I did 'Antony and Cleopatra' and 'The Taming of the Shrew'. I lived in Ocean Beach, and my rent was $140 a month.Jeffrey Tambor
It takes 20 years to make an overnight success.Eddie Cantor
If you have an idea of what you want to do in your future, you must go at it with almost monastic obsession, be it music, the ballet or just a basic degree. You have to go at it single-mindedly and let nothing get in your way.Henry Rollins
Success is a great deodorant.Elizabeth Taylor
Success is the space one occupies in the newspaper. Success is one day's insolence.Elias Canetti
I love inspirational R&B, like Mary J. Blige and Jennifer Hudson. I want to do that. That kind of music stays with you.Ashthon Jones
You may lose your wife, you may lose your dog, your mother may hate you. None of those things matter. What matters is that you achieve success and become free. Then you can do whatever you like.Kevin O'Leary
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.Anatole France
Every video I've made has an inspirational message behind it. Since day one, I thought, 'Okay, I want my audience to be, like, Disney members.' So if that's the case, I have to keep everything rated G.Michelle Phan
Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do.Napoleon Hill
Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close.John Ruskin
The common idea that success spoils people by making them vain, egotistic and self-complacent is erroneous; on the contrary it makes them, for the most part, humble, tolerant and kind.W. Somerset Maugham
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.Earl Wilson
Just because you took longer than others, doesn’t mean you failed.Unknown
What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter. And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people's lives.Oprah Winfrey
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.Niccolo Machiavelli
The true test of civilization is, not the census, nor the size of cities, nor the crops - no, but the kind of man the country turns out.Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud.Emile Zola
If you're going through hell,
KEEP GOING.Winston Churchill
Never retreat. Never explain. Get it done and let them howl.Benjamin Jowett
In motivating people, you've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved.Rupert Murdoch
I'm used to adversity and working really well in difficult situations. It was hard for me to accept the success.Paula Cole
The manic pursuit of success cost me everything I could love: my wife, my three children, some friends I would have liked to grow old with.Sammy Davis, Jr.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.Charles R. Swindoll
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.Anatole France
A lot of people don't have near the amount of success as I've been blessed to have, and it's all about working hard and hoping that continues.Luke Bryan
Success listens only to applause. To all else it is deaf.Elias Canetti
Wake up early and tackle the day before it tackles you. Be on offense, not defense.Evan Carmichael
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.Norman Vincent Peale
To be ready to fail is to be prepared for success.Jose Bergamin
You cannot allow your desire to be a winner to be diminished by achieving success before and I believe there is room for improvement in every sportsman.Lionel Messi
Letting go of control is the best way to regain total control.Joshua Fields Millburn
The one thing that makes me feel super lucky about my financial success is that I have a housekeeper.Gwen Stefani
At the end of the day, you are solely responsible for your success and your failure. And the sooner you realize that, you accept that, and integrate that into your work ethic, you will start being successful. As long as you blame others for the reason you aren't where you want to be, you will always be a failure.Erin Cummings
If you look at a building by Mies van der Rohe, it might look very simple, but up close, the sheer quality of construction, materials and thought are inspirational.David Chipperfield
I attribute my success to my mental approach to the game. I have always been a serious student of umpiring. I enjoy studying rules, situations, and positioning.Jim Evans
The secret to success is good leadership, and good leadership is all about making the lives of your team members or workers better.Tony Dungy
Knock the 't' off the 'can't'George Reeves
The function of socialism is to raise suffering to a higher level.Norman Mailer
People will love you. People will hate you. And none of it will have anything to do with you.Abraham Hicks
My tastes and inspirational artists were always rather eclectic and diverse.Taylor Dayne
The greatest sign of success for a teacher... is to be able to say, 'The children are now working as if I did not exist.'Maria Montessori
I'm still craving approval from my parents. It took a lot of success for me to realize it was never coming. It's just not in their nature.Andrew Stanton
I don't play the odds, I play the man.Harvey Specter
Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.Albert Einstein
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time.Anthony J. D'Angelo
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.Swami Sivananda
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.Michael Jackson
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.Seneca
Life does not stop and start at your convenience, you miserable piece of shitWalter Sobchak
Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others' success, and then standing back and letting them shine.Chris Hadfield
It doesn’t matter if I failed. At least I passed the concept on to others. Even if I don’t succeed, someone will succeed.Jack Ma
The measure of success is not whether you have a tough problem to deal with, but whether it is the same problem you had last year.John Foster Dulles
We reached a high point in my opinion with the passage of the civil rights legislation and Martin Luther King's success and the crusade of others. I think we kind of breathed a sigh of relief as if we had achieved the end of racial discrimination or white supremacy.Jimmy Carter
Honesty and loyalty are key. If two people can be honest with each other about everything, that's probably the biggest key to success.Taylor Lautner
If you want to know what a man’s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.Sirius Black, from Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.Buddha
The handicap of deafness is not in the ear; it is in the mind.Marlee Matlin
It always seems impossible until it's done.Nelson Mandela
When a door closes, another one opens up.Cervantes
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.Winston Churchill.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.Sam Levenson
We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes - understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success.Arianna Huffington
Applause waits on success.Benjamin Franklin
The moment we believe that success is determined by an ingrained level of ability as opposed to resilience and hard work, we will be brittle in the face of adversity.Joshua Waitzkin
The impossible often has a kind of integrity which the merely improbable lacks.Douglas Adams
...but if a thing is humanly possible, consider it to be within your reach.Marcus Aurelius
Every day of my life I walk with the idea that I am black, no matter how successful I am. And our success is tempered by that; you're successful in this way given the fact you are black, and most blacks don't get to that point.Danny Glover
I am decidedly of the opinion that in very many instances we can trace such a necessary connexion, especially among birds, and often with more complete success than in the case which I have here attempted to explain.Alfred Russel Wallace
If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.Steve Jobs
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.Earl Nightingale
No one who achieves success does so without acknowledging the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.Alfred North Whitehead
Education is the best provision for old age.Aristotle
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one.Charles Horton Cooley
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.Stephen Hawking
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.B. C. Forbes
Most success springs from an obstacle or failure. I became a cartoonist largely because I failed in my goal of becoming a successful executive.Scott Adams
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.Khalil Gibran
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.Simone de Beauvoir
I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.Jimmy Dean
Be not entangled in this world of days and nights; Thou hast another time and space as well.Muhammad Iqbal
My success has been something I've worked a long time at and it's been a gradual process. I compare it to the idea of someone losing a lot of weight over a period of a few years. You don't really notice the weight loss overall but if you compare photos from then and now there's a big difference.Ray William Johnson
Every soldier must know, before he goes into battle, how the little battle he is to fight fits into the larger picture, and how the success of his fighting will influence the battle as a whole.Bernard Law Montgomery
A winner makes commitments. A loser makes promises.Unknown
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.Joseph Wood Krutch
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.Zig Ziglar
The past does not equal the future.Anthony Robbins
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.F. Scott Fitzgerald
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.Anonymous
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.Rabindranath Tagore
Somehow I can’t believe that there are any heights that can’t be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true. This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four C s. They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy.Walt Disney
Rewarding yourself with good things sends a message to the deepest, and the highest, part of you. One that says, ‘I’m worth it, I deserve it’.Robin Sharma
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.Aesop
He is able who thinks he is able.Buddha
Success is when you see something, and you say, 'I want to do that,' and then you do it. It's being happy with what you do and doing what you love every day.Alessia Cara
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.Blaise Pascal
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.Lily Tomlin
Watches are the only jewelry men can wear, unless you're Mr. T.Gordon Bethune
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.Oscar Wilde
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.George S. Patton
That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much.Robert Louis Stevenson
The negative side of the American Dream comes when people pursue success at any cost, which in turn destroys the vision and the dream.Azar Nafisi
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.Mark Caine
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.Mahatma Gandhi
I think it's way harder when you have success, 'cause people tend to not treat you the same or look at you the same because they see the success or the money you make.Meek Mill
Choose not to be harmed—and you won’t feel harmed. Don’t feel harmed—and you haven’t been.Marcus Aurelius
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.Theodore Roosevelt
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.Napoleon Hill
I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams.Oprah Winfrey
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.Bill Gates
I think all of us certainly believed the statistics which said that probably 88% chance of mission success and maybe 96% chance of survival. And we were willing to take those odds.Alan Shepard
Believe you can and you're halfway there.Theodore Roosevelt
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.Dale Carnegie
A constant struggle, a ceaseless battle to bring success from inhospitable surroundings, is the price of all great achievements.Orison Swett Marden
The scornful nostril and the high head gather not the odors that lie on the track of truth.George Eliot 
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.Roy T. Bennett
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.Michael John Bobak
Wake up. Kick ass. Repeat.Anonymous
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.Michael Jordan
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.Henry Ford
 I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.Thomas A. Edison
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.Eleanor Roosevelt
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.Sam Ewing
My goal in my career is to inspire people, is to get my music out there and have people enjoy it, and have people think of me as an inspirational artist.Christina Grimmie
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.Joel Osteen
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.Anonymous
Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free.Stephen King
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.Dwight D. Eisenhower
One today is worth two tomorrows.Benjamin Franklin
You control your future, your destiny. What you think about comes about. By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be. Put your future in good hands.your own
Skills are cheap. Passion is priceless.Gary Vaynerchuk
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.Walt Disney
The key is to listen to your heart and let it carry you in the direction of your dreams. Ive learned that its possible to set your sights high and achieve your dreams and do it with integrity, character, and love.Michael Dell
Currently, only 70 percent of our high school students earn diplomas with their peers, and less than one-third of our high school students graduate prepared for success in a four-year college.Ruben Hinojosa
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.The Goblet of Fire
I'm going to write a book, continue acting, continue motivational speaking and just share with people who I am and what I've learned in my second chance of life and pass it on to people in their first chance of life.J. R. Martinez
When we have money, we start making mistakes.Jack Ma
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.Lewis Carroll
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way.Eileen Caddy
A great social success is a pretty girl who plays her cards as carefully as if she were plain.F. Scott Fitzgerald
I'm a bit of a P. T. Barnum. I make stars out of everyone.Donald Trump
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear.Mark Twain
Microsoft has had two goals in the last 10 years. One was to copy the Mac, and the other was to copy Lotus' success in the spreadsheet - basically, the applications business. And over the course of the last 10 years, Microsoft accomplished both of those goals. And now they are completely lost.Steve Jobs
If you wanna make people dream, you've gotta start by believing in that dream yourself!Seiya Kanie ('Amagi Brilliant Park')
But I like not these great success of yours; for I know how jealous are the gods.Herodotus
No one succeeds without effort... Those who succeed owe their success to perseverance.Ramana Maharshi
True leaders don't invest in buildings. Jesus never built a building. They invest in people. Why? Because success without a successor is failure. So your legacy should not be in buildings, programs, or projects; your legacy must be in people.Myles Munroe
It always seems impossible until it is done.Nelson Mandela
People are crazy and times are strange/ I'm locked in tight, I'm out of range/ I used to care, but things have changed.Bob Dylan
Success is about enjoying what you have and where you are, while pursuing achievable goals.Bo Bennett
After all this time? Always Snape–The Deathly Hallows 
It’s one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself, to forgive. Forgive everybody.Maya Angelou
The hours that ordinary people waste, extraordinary people leverage.Robin Sharma
When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away.Anna Pavlova
Space is an inspirational concept that allows you to dream big.Peter Diamandis
All it takes is one new insight or idea, strongly acted on, to take you to a completely different place.Robin Sharma
Earn your success based on service to others, not at the expense of others.H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
You see countries like India really investing in their space program because they see it as inspirational and good for their economy.Ellen Stofan
Comfort is the enemy of achievement.Farrah Gray
Challenge is the pathway to engagement and progress in our lives. But not all challenges are created equal. Some challenges make us feel alive, engaged, connected, and fulfilled. Others simply overwhelm us. Knowing the difference as you set bigger and bolder challenges for yourself is critical to your sanity, success, and satisfaction.Brendon Burchard
The lesson is that you can still make mistakes and be forgiven.Robert Downey Jr.
The history of progress is written in the blood of men and women who have dared to espouse an unpopular cause, as, for instance, the black man's right to his body, or woman's right to her soul.Emma Goldman
Let Actions Do Your Talkin For You, (Unless Your Telling A Good Dirty Joke)Dwayne Johnson | The Rock
I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well.Johann Sebastian Bach
Success is an absurd, erratic thing. She arrives when one least expects her and after she has come may depart again almost because of a whim.Alice Foote MacDougall
Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing.Warren Buffet
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.Unknown
Sometimes all the players get a bad hand. You just have to be determined enough to see the game through.Dean Wilson
Commitment in the face of conflict produces character.Unknown
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth; people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.James Allen
Creativity is the key to success in the future, and primary education is where teachers can bring creativity in children at that level.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Success is finding satisfaction in giving a little more than you take.Christopher Reeve
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.Carl Sandburg
The secret of my success is my hairspray.Richard Gere
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.Arlen Specter
And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.Isaac Asimov
If most of us are ashamed of shabby clothes and shoddy furniture, let us be more ashamed of shabby ideas and shoddy philosophies.Albert Einstein
We should measure welfare's success by how many people leave welfare, not by how many are added.Ronald Reagan
Of all things visible, the highest is the heaven of the fixed stars.Nicolaus Copernicus
The starting point of all achievement is desire.Napoleon Hill
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.Tony Robbins
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.Bruce Lee
Out of difficulties grow miracles.Jean de la Bruyere
The authentic self is the soul made visible.Sarah Ban Breathnach
I remember one day sitting at the pool and suddenly the tears were streaming down my cheeks. Why was I so unhappy? I had success. I had security. But it wasn't enough. I was exploding inside.Ingrid Bergman
Do one thing every day that scares you.Eleanor Roosevelt
By now, you've probably caught on to something: my mother is always standing by with just the right Scripture or inspirational saying to get me through any tough situation.Gabby Douglas
Opportunities don’t happen, you create them.Chris Grosser
Fear of failure, it's the greatest motivational tool. It drives me and drives me and drives me.Jerry West
The difficult is what takes a little time; the impossible is what takes a little longer.Fridtjof Nansen
The saddest thing that can happen to a person is to find out their memories are lies.Juan Gabriel Vásquez
A sword wields no strength unless the hand that holds it has courage.The Hero's Spirit of the Legend of Zelda
I will not be presumptuous enough to say that my life can be a role model for anybody; but some poor child living in an obscure place in an underprivileged social setting may find a little solace in the way my destiny has been shaped. It could perhaps help such children liberate themselves from the bondage of their illusory backwardness and hopelessness?Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
Success does not come to you, you go to it.Marva Collins.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.Napoleon Hill
Well, you would have to say what is the criteria to determine the success of any merger? It would have to be that the companies are stronger financially, that they took market share, and they are on a very steady footing in terms of their performance.Kevin Rollins
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.Dumbledore –The Order of the Phoenix 
You'll have to decide for yourself.
Walk on your own. Move forward.
You've got a strong pair of legs. You should get up and use them.Edward Elric ('Fullmetal Alchemist')
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.Muhammad Ali
Make treating yourself a priority and always remember your life is happening now. Don't put off all your dreams and pleasures to another day. In any balanced personal definition of success there has to be a powerful element of living life in the present.Mireille Guiliano
I want to be an inspirational model. I want people to look at me and say, 'Wow, she looks healthy.'Ireland Baldwin
Such a faith would be fatal to my reason, to my liberty, and even to the success of my undertakings; it would immediately transform me into a stupid slave, an instrument of the will and interests of others.Mikhail Bakunin
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.Wayne Gretzky
First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they fight you. Then you win.Nicholas Klein
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.William James
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubtMark Twain
The government will see that human spaceflight is useful - for science and the economy - and inspirational.Helen Sharman
People are beginning to see that the first requisite to success in life is to be a good animal.Herbert Spencer
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.Ronald Reagan
Indomitable perseverance in a business, properly understood, always ensures ultimate success.Cyrus McCormick
The dream is free. The hustle is sold separately.Unknown
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.Epictetus
Create each day anew.Morihei Ueshiba
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can seeMark Twain
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all.George Washington
I said 'Somebody should do something about that.' Then I realized I am somebody.Lily Tomlin
My greatest success story has been my family.Alex Spanos
I look forward to making tangible and inspirational contributions to the Houston Technology Center's initiatives. HTC is an engine behind Houston's and Texas' continued growth.Walter O'Brien
I believe in living today. Not in yesterday, nor in tomorrow.Loretta Young
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.Jim Rohn
Hopefully, when people see 'Senna', they will understand why this inspirational story needed to be told, why it had to be made as a movie for the big screen, and why it is a film for everyone.Asif Kapadia
Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for.Oliver James
It's a transformative experience to simply pause instead of immediately fill up the space. By waiting, we begin to connect with fundamental restlessness as well as fundamental spaciousness.Pema Chodron
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.Pablo Picasso
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.Herman Melville
There is nothing permanent except change.Heraclitus
Life doesn’t require that we be the best, only that we try our best.H. Jackson Brown Jr.
No one should have the power to shatter your dreams unless you give it to them.Unknown
Despair and disappointment are the parent of countless inspired, inspiring, triumphant creations.Rasheed Ogunlaru
Without giving up hope—that there’s somewhere better to be, that there’s someone better to be—we will never relax with where we are or who we are.Pema Chodron
We don't get to choose how we start in this life. Real 'greatness' is what you do with the hand you're dealt.Victor Sullivan (Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception)
What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.Bob Dylan
I think it's real easy to be famous these days; it's not real easy to sustain success.Jerry Jeff Walker
Integrity is so perishable in the summer months of success.Vanessa Redgrave
Your success depends mainly upon what you think of yourself and whether you believe in yourself.William J. H. Boetcker
Success is the child of audacity.Benjamin Disraeli
I never wake up today with yesterday's problems.Anthony Saleh
Inspirational leaders need to have a winning mentality in order to inspire respect. It is hard to trust in the leadership of someone who is half-hearted about their purpose, or only sporadic in focus or enthusiasm.Sebastian Coe
Butterflies don't know their wings' Colors, but others see their Splendor.Mohith Agadi
Don’t count the things you do, do the things that count.Zig Ziglar
Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful,' and sitting in the shade.Rudyard Kipling
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.Denis Waitley
People grow when they are loved well. If you want to help others heal, love them without an agenda.Mike McHargue
Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is just opinion.Democritus
The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future.Philip Emeagwali
My mind's my kingdom.Francis Quarles
When in doubt, tell the truthMark Twain
Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.Will Rogers
Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being.Kevin Kruse
I think the biggest challenge is to continue on the same path. I think it's easy to become complacent from the success you've had.Jason Derulo
We should measure welfare's success by how many people leave welfare, not by how many are added.Ronald Reagan
The world is moving so fast that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.Elbert Hubbard
Indomitable perseverance in a business, properly understood, always ensures ultimate success.Cyrus McCormick
I never lose. I either win or learn.Nelson Mandela
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.Aldous Huxley
How do you know you're going to do something, untill you do it?J. D. Salinger
Defeat only happens when you stop believing.Robin Sharma
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.Winston Churchill
Be stubborn about your goals, and flexible about your methods.Author Unknown
Don't regret anything you do, because in the end it makes you who you are.Unknown
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.J. Paul Getty
Be the CEO of your life.Robin Sharma
I'm not an inspirational quote kind of person.Christine Teigen
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.Maya Angelou
Fight everyday for a better life.M.L. Shanahan
My proudest achievement has been the success of the shows and artists I have been involved with, because they were made in Britain.Simon Cowell
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.Elbert Hubbard
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.Tony Robbins
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.Theodore Roosevelt
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.Ted Turner
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.William Arthur Ward
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.Charles Luckman
Light tomorrow with today!Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things; that's all.Harry Seidler
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.William James
Sacred joy exists in any suffering.Lailah Gift Akita
Success is tricky to deal with, both professionally and in your personal life.Ewan McGregor
God has already done everything He's going to do. The ball is now in your court. If you want success, if you want wisdom, if you want to be prosperous and healthy, you're going to have to do more than meditate and believe; you must boldly declare words of faith and victory over yourself and your family.Joel Osteen
If you don't build your dream someone will hire you to help build theirs.Tony A. Gaskins Jr.
When someone leaves, it’s because someone else is about to arrive.Paulo Coelho
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.Jim Rohn
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.Unknown
Life is a series of punches. It presents a lot of challenges. It presents a lot of hardship, but the people that are able to take those punches and able to move forward are the ones that really do have a lot of success and have a lot of joy in their life and have a lot of stories to tell, too.Josh Turner
Greatness is so often a courteous synonym for great success.Philip Guedalla
Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be.Khalil Gibran
One day you will wake up and there won’t be any more time to do the things you’ve always wanted. Do it now.Paulo Coelho
To be defeated and not submit, is victory; to be victorious and rest on one's laurels, is defeat.Józef Piłsudski
One finds limits by pushing them.Herbert Simon
If I’d had to manage my company myself, I would have very quickly gone bankrupt.Soichiro Honda
People are beginning to see that the first requisite to success in life is to be a good animal.Herbert Spencer
Success is an absurd, erratic thing. She arrives when one least expects her and after she has come may depart again almost because of a whim.Alice Foote MacDougall
One measure of your success will be the degree to which you build up others who work with you. While building up others, you will build up yourself.James E. Casey
An unexamined life is not worth living.Socrates
Time is the most precious element of human existence. The successful person knows how to put energy into time and how to draw success from time.Denis Waitley
One man or woman with courage is a majority.Unknown
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.Mattie Stepanek
Yesterday ended last night. Today is a brand-new day.Zig Ziglar
Luxury is the wolf at the door and its fangs are the vanities and conceits germinated by success. When an artist learns this, he knows where the danger is.Tennessee Williams
To achieve great things, two things are needed; a plan, and not quite enough time.Leonard Bernstein
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.Dale Carnegie
But the best teams I've encountered have one important thing in common: their team structure and processes cover a full range of distinct competencies necessary for success.Jesse James Garrett
Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success.Virat Kohli
Failure is just practice for success.Unknown
Dreams don't work unless you do.Unknown
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.Ralph Marston
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.Benjamin Disraeli
Ideas are a dime a dozen. People who implement them are priceless.Mary Kay Ash
It's our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people.Carrot Top
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.Desmond Tutu
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.John Cage
Don't fight the problem, decide it.George C. Marshall
Winners don’t do different things; they do things differently Shiv Khera
Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed. If people all over the world...would do this, it would change the earth.William Faulkner
The world of reality has its limits; the world of imagination is boundless.Jean-Jacques Rousseau
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.Ray Goforth
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can’t just accept the ones you like.Mike Gafka
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.Robert H. Schuller
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.Franklin D. Roosevelt
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.Michelangelo
Failure is success if you learn from it.Unknown
God always strives together with those who strive.Aeschylus
The difference between try and triumph is a little umph.Marvin Phillips (or an unknown author)
You will never find what you don't look for.Confucius
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.Tim Notke
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.Paulo Coelho
The success of a production depends on the attention paid to detail.David O. Selznick
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.Buddha
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.John Wooden
There may be babblers, wholly ignorant of mathematics, who dare to condemn my hypothesis, upon the authority of some part of the Bible twisted to suit their purpose. I value them not, and scorn their unfounded judgment.Nicolaus Copernicus
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.Bertrand Russell
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.Martin Luther
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now  Paulo Coelho
Go out and do something. It isn’t your room that’s a prison, it’s yourself.Sylvia Plath
Be passionate and bold. Always keep learning. You stop doing useful things if you don't learn. So the last part to me is the key, especially if you have had some initial success. It becomes even more critical that you have the learning 'bit' always switched on.Satya Nadella
I'm better than P. T. Barnum and Colonel Parker put together.Evel Knievel
Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life.Jimmy Dean
Ideas are a dime a dozen. People who implement them are priceless.Mary Kay Ash
You wanna know what scares people? Success. When you don't make moves and when you don't climb up the ladder, everybody loves you because you're not competition.Nicki Minaj
Let us try to teach generosity and altruism, because we are all born selfish.Richard Dawkins
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.Marcus Aurelius
No matter how much success you're having, you can't continue working together if you can't communicate.Matt Cameron
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answerBruce Lee
You can’t get to your next best self by clinging to who you were yesterday.Robin Sharma
Business opportunities are like buses, there’s always another one coming.Richard Branson
The moment you realize that you know nothing, you'll know everything.Anonymous
You can do anything, but not everything.Unknown
There is an immutable conflict at work in life and in business, a constant battle between peace and chaos. Neither can be mastered, but both can be influenced. How you go about that is the key to success.Phil Knight
Find a good teacher that will keep the game fun. Work hard and don't be afraid to have success or disappointment. That is what golf is all about.Paula Creamer
Success is all about persistence and doing the right thing for the long term.Bruce Rauner
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.Bill Cosby
I'm a gay disabled man who has become very successful. I don't get up in the morning and think I'm inspirational; I just get up thinking that I love horses.Lee Pearson
Creative risk taking is essential to success in any goal where the stakes are high. Thoughtless risks are destructive, of course, but perhaps even more wasteful is thoughtless caution which prompts inaction and promotes failure to seize opportunity.Gary Ryan Blair
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.Chinese Proverb
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.Albert Einstein
Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a factor that decides between success and failure.Edsger Dijkstra
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.Nelson Mandela
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.Friedrich Schiller
Change your life today. Don’t gamble on the future, act now, without delay.Simone de Beauvoir
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music.Lenny Kravitz
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.A.A. Milne
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.Michael Jordan
Success - keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep.Walter Scott
Goodness is about what you do. Not who you pray to.Terry Pratchett
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.Roy T. Bennett
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.Franklin D. Roosevelt
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, “I’m possible!”Audrey Hepburn
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path.Khalil Gibran
Give me a couple of years, and I'll make that actress an overnight success.Samuel Goldwyn
The only limits for tomorrow are the doubts we have today.Pittacus Lore
Misunderstood is the price ambition pays to become legendary.Robin Sharma
Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do.Napoleon Hill
My favorite things in life don’t cost any money. It’s really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.Steve Jobs
Sometimes I think we're alone in the universe, and sometimes I think we're not. In either case the idea is quite staggering.Arthur C. Clarke
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.Maya Angelou
Real happiness lies in the completion of work using your own brains and skills.Soichiro Honda
Sometimes not telling people anything is a good thing.Jason Myers
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.Richard Bach
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.Buddha
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.Napoleon Hill
I am so fresh in soul and spirit that life gushes and bubbles around me in a thousand springs.Robert Schumann
Don't let nobody tell you that you can't do it. Love what you do until you don't love it anymore. Nothing's impossible.Fetty Wap
A goal is a dream with a deadline.Napoleon Hill
Obsessed is a word that the lazy use to describe the dedicated. Unknown
Hard work and dedication is important to success, and I have those qualities.Nargis Fakhri
We all obviously need others to look up to, and be inspirational to us. Ford did a great job as far as putting the presidency back where it belonged, getting the trust back after Nixon. And President Reagan has been one of the most influential presidents.Steve Garvey
Success depends almost entirely on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.Jack Nicklaus
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.Albert Einstein
I am an enthusiast, but not a crank in the sense that I have some pet theories as to the proper construction of a flying machine. I wish to avail myself of all that is already known and then, if possible, add my mite to help on the future worker who will attain final success.Wilbur Wright
Arise, Awake and stop not until the goal is reached.Swami Vivekananda
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.Babe Ruth
The cure for anything is salt water. Sweat, tears or the ocean.Isak Dinesen
It's a moment that I'm after, a fleeting moment, but not a frozen moment.Andrew Wyeth
I believe in the city as a natural human environment, but we must humanize it. It's art that will re-define public space in the 21st Century. We can make our cities diverse, inspirational places by putting art, dance and performance in all its forms into the matrix of street life.Antony Gormley
Growing up, in church we had the homily; at home it's what I call the 'momily' - the inspirational and instructive mom-isms that every family has.Christine Pelosi
Even successful musicians have had periods where people say they suck and no one likes them, even after they've had periods of great success. So I think it's like you just gotta do you and try to stay motivated. Until, you know, you decide to stay home and make spaghetti all day.K. Flay
What is success? I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose.Margaret Thatcher
Fear doesn’t shut you down; it wakes you up.Veronica Roth
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.Winston Churchill
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.Napoleon Hill
The expert in anything was once a beginner.Anonymous
Either you run the day or the day runs you.Jim Rohn
Don’t wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.Barbara Baron
I have amazing friends who have led inspirational lives.Andrew Shue
Young man, the secret of my success is that at early age I discovered that I was not God.Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Many people spend more time in planning the wedding than they do in planning the marriage.Zig Ziglar
I think the success that I have is due to hard work and destiny. It is important to stay grounded and not take things for granted.Alia Bhatt
You have brains in your head and feet in your shoes, you can steer yourself in any direction you choose.Dr. Seuss
Many things are both useful and dangerous. An automobile is useful; an automobile is dangerous. Likewise for nostalgia.Joshua Fields Millburn
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.Albert Einstein
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.Napoleon Hill
I don't take success and failure seriously. The only thing I do seriously is march forward. If I fall, I get up and march again.Kareena Kapoor Khan
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.Jim Ryun
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.Katharine Hepburn
A winner makes commitments. A loser makes promises.Unknown
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. Swami Sivananda
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.Isaac Newton
I was sure I'd set the world on fire, and it was hard for a young feller like me to realize the truth - that I hadn't set the world on fire, and I was totally unprepared to handle the consequences if 'The Big Trail' had been a success and launched me as a star.John Wayne
Be the change you wish to see in the world.Mahatma Gandhi
The only time success comes before work is in dictionary.Harvey Specter
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.Edgar Allan Poe
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.Newt Gingrich
Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you.George Whitefield
Fear is not evil. It tells you what weakness is. And once you know your weakness, you can become stronger as well as kinder.Unknown
You never lose a dream. It just incubates as a hobby.Larry Page
Love the moment and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.Corita Kent
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.Walt Disney
Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.Bo Jackson
The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried.Stephen McCranie
Books are challenging and inspirational to me.Amy Sedaris
I'm not a defender of old or new football managers. I believe in good ones and bad ones, those that achieve success and those that don't.Jose Mourinho
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.Vince Lombardi
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.Emmet Fox
I always like a woman in power in politics. I think they're pretty inspirational in terms of looks to begin with. It's very calculated.Chris Benz
Evolution acts slowly. Our psychological characteristics today are those that promoted reproductive success in the ancestral environment.Keith Henson
We are all broken, that’s how the light gets in.Ernest Hemingway
What do do with a mistake: recognize it, admit it, learn from it, forget it.Dean Smith
I love a lot of the New York bands, but Patti Smith stands out. I just read 'Just Kids' and it's an inspirational, well-written account of an emerging New York artist in the late seventies.James Iha
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.Proverb
Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty.  To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.Bertrand Russell
It’s still magic even if you know how it’s done.Terry Pratchett
Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world.Miyamoto Musashi
First-person narrators is the way I know how to write a book with the greatest power and chance of artistic success.Anne Rice
There's no success story. Everybody's got a ghetto story. You always want to make it bigger than what it is.Bernie Mac
It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop.Confucius
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. Bruce Feirstein
Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.Sumner Redstone
Run until you can't run anymore, and then run again. Constant effort is life's greatest shortcut.Genji Kamogawa ('Hajime no Ippo')
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.Robert Collier
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.Nikos Kazantzakis
Success breeds complacency. Complacency breeds failure. Only the paranoid survive.Andy Grove
Whether you're successful or not, you'll never actually feel the joys of accomplishment unless you love yourself. Success can be very difficult to deal with. You have to stay in the center. If you let your success define you, then you're really just setting yourself up for failure.Goldie Hawn
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.Michael Atshuler
If you want to awaken all of humanity, awaken all of yourself.Lao Tzu
You don't have to live your life the way other people expect you to.Unknown
Success comes to those who dedicate everything to their passion in life. To be successful, it is also very important to be humble and never let fame or money travel to your head.A. R. Rahman
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.Kyle Chandler
Failure is the key to success; each mistake teaches us something.Morihei Ueshiba
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.Lolly Daskal
When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts.Bo Bennett
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.Junipero Serra
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.Nathaniel Hawthorne
There is progress whether ye are going forward or backward! The thing is to move!Edgar Cayce
All endings are also beginnings. We just don’t know it at the time.Mitch Albom
This feat I also had no idea how to accomplish, but ignorance had never stopped me from taking action before.Viet Thanh Nguyen
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.Henry Ward Beecher
The essential element of successful strategy is that it derives its success from the differences between competitors with a consequent difference in their behavior.Bruce Henderson
 I hated every minute of training, but I said, ”Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.Mahummad Ali
Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success.Paul J. Meyer
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can’t accept not trying.Michael Jordan
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.Winston Churchill
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.Ronald Reagan
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?Robert Browning
Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe.Norman Vincent Peale
Failure is not an option for me. Success is all I envision.Conor McGregor
There's no one particular road that will lead you to success. I think everybody will find it differently.Marina and the Diamonds
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm.Jean Paul
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'Martin Luther King, Jr.
Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving.Terry Pratchett
Nobody motivates today's workers. If it doesn't come from within, it doesn't come. Fun helps remove the barriers that allow people to motivate themselves.Herman Cain
Not on one strand are all life's jewels strung.William Morris
The fame of heroes owes little to the extent of their conquests and all to the success of the tributes paid to them.Jean Genet
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.Herbert Kaufman
Don’t give up just because things get hard. Give up if you feel in your gut that moving on is the right choice for you.Lori Deschene
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.Albert Einstein
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man.Arthur Young
The tree laden with fruits always bends low. If you wish to be great, be lowly and meek.Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa
No student ever attains very eminent success by simply doing what is required of him: it is the amount and excellence of what is over and above the required, that determines the greatness of ultimate distinction.Charles Kendall Adams
Israel was not created in order to disappear - Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom.John F. Kennedy
My dad is too cute. Every morning, he sends me one motivational quote. I have a folder full of all his quotes.Alia Bhatt
Sometimes we may ask God for success, and He gives us physical and mental stamina. We might plead for prosperity, and we receive enlarged perspective and increased patience, or we petition for growth and are blessed with the gift of grace. He may bestow upon us conviction and confidence as we strive to achieve worthy goals.David A. Bednar
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!Anne Frank
Step out of the history that is holding you back. Step into the new story you are willing to create.Oprah Winfrey
The ignorant work for their own profit, the wise work for the welfare of the world, without thought for themselves.Bhagavad Gita
Winning starts with beginning.Unknown
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.Stephen Covey
Education is the best provision for old age.Aristotle
If you fail to prepare, you’re prepared to fail.Mark Spitz
When Bill Clinton ran in '92, and I listened to him, and I had of course known of his record from Arkansas, I found him extraordinarily inspirational, and I voted Democratic.Wesley Clark
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success.David Joseph Schwartz
I thought 'Moulin Rouge' was inspirational, and 'Jesus Christ Superstar' I loved.Pierce Brosnan
We're constantly striving for success, fame and comfort when all we really need to be happy is someone or some thing to be enthusiastic about.H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Who, being loved, is poor?Oscar Wilde
Ideas shape the course of history.John Maynard Keynes
You have no responsibility to live up to what other people think you ought to accomplish. I have no responsibility to be like they expect me to be. It's their mistake, not my failing. Richard P. Feynman
There are people who make things happen, there are people who watch things happen, and there are people who wonder what happened. To be successful, you need to be a person who makes things happen.Jim Lovell
Every heart that has beat strongly and cheerfully has left a hopeful impulse behind it in the world, and bettered the tradition of mankind.Robert Louis Stevenson
Pour on, I will endure.William Shakespeare
I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' There is an African saying which is: 'Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.'Maya Angelou
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.Alan Kay
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.George S. Patton
Nothing exterior to me will ever take command of me.Walt Whitman
I never assumed I would have that commercial success, so it was a total surprise. And honestly, I never assumed that it would ever happen again.Tracy Chapman
Barack Obama likes to point to General Motors as the poster child for the job creation success of his economic policies. However, whatever your sentiments about the government's bailout of General Motors, for every job Barack Obama 'saved-or-created' in the U.S. there were two jobs off shore.Bob Beauprez
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universeMarcus Aurelius
The struggle ends when the gratitude begins.Unknown
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.Bertrand Russell
We're constantly striving for success, fame and comfort when all we really need to be happy is someone or some thing to be enthusiastic about.H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
To these ideals which were instilled in me when I was a youth, I attribute in a large degree the success that was mine on the bicycle tracks of the world.Major Taylor
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.Zig Ziglar
The biggest problem in the world today is not poverty or disease but the lack of love and charity and the feeling of being unwanted. Mother Teresa
Reach for it. Push yourself as far as you can.Christa McAuliffe
Overthinking ruins you. Ruins the situation, twists it around, makes you worry and just makes everything much worse than it actually is.Unknown
In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act.George Orwell
Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out.Christopher Reeve
We reached a high point in my opinion with the passage of the civil rights legislation and Martin Luther King's success and the crusade of others. I think we kind of breathed a sigh of relief as if we had achieved the end of racial discrimination or white supremacy.Jimmy Carter
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.Don Miguel Ruiz
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.Marcus Aurelius
Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.Pablo Picasso
All of us are born for a reason, but all of us don't discover why. Success in life has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others.Danny Thomas
When one must, one can.Charlotte Whitton
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don’t throw it away.Stephen Hawking
We're born with success. It is only others who point out our failures, and what they attribute to us as failure.Whoopi Goldberg
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.John W. Gardner
If you can't think of what to write, tough luck; write anyway.Philip Pullman
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction.Al Bernstein
Turn your wounds into wisdom.Oprah Winfrey
I look up to a strong woman; maybe that's why I fell for Gaga. She works incredibly hard and is very strong and inspirational like Mom, with a great work ethic.Taylor Kinney
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.Christopher Lasch
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.Ralph Marston
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do.Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
My biggest success is getting over the things that have tried to destroy and take me out of this life. Those are my biggest successes. It has nothing to do with work.Tyler Perry
At Princeton I gained a great deal of pleasure from success in my classes. knowing that I could accomplish those things, and I realized that my success was directly proportionate to the work I put in.Brooke Shields
Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands.Zig Ziglar
As an actor there's a lot of scrutiny and, even when you've had success, it becomes about sustaining that success. A friend of mine described it as a peakless mountain. Even for De Niro there's Pacino and for Pacino there's De Niro.Eddie Redmayne
A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success.Robert Orben
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical.Julius Erving
Much effort, much prosperity.Euripides
I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart.Pope John XXIII
Lady Gaga is the present and the future. She is the most revolutionary and inspirational artist. She is fearless and daring.Donatella Versace
The longer you hang in there, the greater the chance that something will happen in your favor. No matter how hard it seems, the longer you persist, the more likely your success.Jack Canfield
I think that's a great opportunity, to pick a script where you can build up a good skill. I think the main thing I look for when I look at scripts is if it's inspirational. If it's something that teenagers can relate to. And is it something that the audience is going to get something out of. If not, then it's really not worth doing.Carly Schroeder
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him.Viktor Frankl
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. Jimmy Dean
Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn’t.Rikki Rogers
Be the reason someone smiles today.Anonymous
Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.Will Smith
The success combination in business is: Do what you do better... and: do more of what you do.David Joseph Schwartz
No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn't tryingTony Robbins
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.Rabindranath Tagore
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.Aristotle
We do not realise that we are children of eternity. If we did, then success would be no success, and failure would be no failure to us.Joseph Barber Lightfoot
The greatest sign of success for a teacher... is to be able to say, 'The children are now working as if I did not exist.'Maria Montessori
Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe.Norman Vincent Peale
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.Og Mandino
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.David Brinkley
A diamond is just a piece of charcoal that handled stress exceptionally well.Unknown
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.Dr. Seuss
We grow fearless when we do the things we fear.Robin Sharma
By now, you've probably caught on to something: my mother is always standing by with just the right Scripture or inspirational saying to get me through any tough situation.Gabby Douglas
People think you’re crazy if you talk about things they don’t understand.Elvis Presley
The common idea that success spoils people by making them vain, egotistic and self-complacent is erroneous; on the contrary it makes them, for the most part, humble, tolerant and kind.W. Somerset Maugham
Success is always temporary. When all is said and one, the only thing you'll have left is your character.Vince Gill
Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master.Christian Lous Lange
I pull a lot of the stuff that I play off the rhythm tracks - and Keith Richards has been one of the main contributors to my inspirational playing.Bobby Keys
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.Friedrich Schiller
Honesty is the most single most important factor having a direct bearing on the final success of an individual, corporation, or product.Ed McMahon
Whatever ought to be, can be.James Rouse
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. Maya Angelou
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.Ayn Rand
Don’t think about making art, just get it done.  Let everyone else decide if it’s good or bad, whether they love it or hate it.  While they are deciding, make even more art.Andy Warhol
Success doesn't mean that you are healthy, success doesn't mean that you're happy, success doesn't mean that you're rested. Success really doesn't mean that you look good, or feel good, or are good.Victoria Principal
When Maurice touched a keyboard, it was like something from a movie, magical. He would always give you something from a movie, and you'd go, what did you just play... immediately inspirational writings, amazing. That's what we're going to miss.Robin Gibb
Every success in limiting armaments is a sign that the will to achieve mutual understanding exists, and every such success thus supports the fight for international law and order.Ludwig Quidde
You can't have a million-dollar dream with a minimum-wage work ethic.Stephen C. Hogan
The development of our human resources is an area in which we need to do well as it is decisive in determining the success of our diversification programme.Hassanal Bolkiah
The way to get started is to quit talking ans begin doing.Walt Disney Company
It is usually best to admit mistakes when they occur, and to seek to restore honor..Iroh
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.Confucius
The more you love, the more you suffer.Vincent van Gogh
To do a common thing uncommonly well brings success.Henry J. Heinz
One needs more than ambition and talent to make a success of anything, really. There must be love and a vocation.Jessye Norman
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.Confucius
I know that when I like music, when it touches my heart, that it will touch your heart, too. That, I think, is the secret to my success.Andre Rieu
Hopefully, when people see 'Senna', they will understand why this inspirational story needed to be told, why it had to be made as a movie for the big screen, and why it is a film for everyone.Asif Kapadia
I am only one, but I am one. I cannot do everything, but I can do something. And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what I can do.Edward Everett Hale
Practice makes the hard things easy.Qwana Reynolds-Frasier
The truth is that relative income is not directly related to happiness. Nonpartisan social-survey data clearly show that the big driver of happiness is earned success: a person's belief that he has created value in his life or the life of others.Arthur C. Brooks
Make sure your worst enemy doesn’t live between your own two ears.Laird Hamilton
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.Oscar Wilde
Live to the point of tears.Albert Camus
I don't dwell on success. Maybe that's one reason I'm successful.Calvin Klein
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind.Johannes Brahms
Success is like death. The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higher the fences get.Kevin Spacey
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths.Arnold Schwarzenegger
Failure is success if we learn from it.Malcolm Forbes
Our ideals are our better selves.Amos Bronson Alcott
Positive thinking is the key to success in business, education, pro football, anything that you can mention. I go out there thinking that I'm going to complete every pass.Ron Jaworski
Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen.Wayne Huizenga
If you want to be successful, put yourself in a discomfort zone.Sharfaraz Ahmed
Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being.Kevin Kruse
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.Jon Bon Jovi
Today with love and respect, I challenge you to do one thing that you never thought you could do. This day’s your platform to transform.Robin Sharma
The secrets of success are a good wife and a steady job. My wife told me.Howard Nemerov
We are all broken, that’s how the light gets in.Ernest Hemingway
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.Oscar Wilde
It's good to do uncomfortable things. It's weight training for life.Anne Lamott
Prayer is man's greatest power!W. Clement Stone
Give me a couple of years, and I'll make that actress an overnight success.Samuel Goldwyn
Note to self: Keep going. You’re doing great. You might not be where you want to be yet, but that’s okay. Just take it one step at a time and keep believing in yourself. And remember: No matter what happens, you can still enjoy your life and be happy.Lori Deschene
I worked at The Old Globe Theater under the great baton of Craig Noel. One of the great theater heroes that we have. He was so great and so inspirational. I think I did 'Antony and Cleopatra' and 'The Taming of the Shrew'. I lived in Ocean Beach, and my rent was $140 a month.Jeffrey Tambor
Focused, hard work is the real key to success. Keep your eyes on the goal, and just keep taking the next step towards completing it. If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better.John Carmack
I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down.Mia Hamm
The act of discovering  who we are will force us to accept that we can go further than we think.Paulo Coelho
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.Norman Vincent Peale
I am highly offended by the total lack of acknowledgement of my contribution to Laker success.Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Don't limit your challenges - challenge your limits.Unknown
Real success is being totally indulgent about your own trip. You put your blinders on about the garbage and go full speed ahead.Betsey Johnson
Life is simple. Are you happy? Yes? Keep going. No? Change something.Unknown
So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God.Smokey Robinson
The secret to happiness is freedom. And the secret to freedom is courage. Thucydides
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.John W. Gardner
Many individuals are doing what they can. But real success can only come if there is a change in our societies and in our economics and in our politics.David Attenborough
This is my belief that through difficulties and problems God gives us the opportunity to grow. So when your hopes and dreams and goals are dashed, search among the wreckage, you may find a golden opportunity hidden in the ruins.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
The person who is waiting for something to turn up might start with their shirt sleeves.Garth Henrichs
I'm my problem but also my solution.Anonymous
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.Lolly Daskal
You are awesome.Unknown
He conquers who endures.Persius
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.Joseph Campbell
Success isn't about the end result, it's about what you learn along the way.Vera Wang
Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.Walt Disney
Success does not come to you, you go to it.Marva Collins.
The only way to work is to love what you do.Steve Jobs
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.Benjamin Disraeli
I don't think 'Cocktail' was a perfect critical success, but it touched a vein in our culture.Elisabeth Shue
Look at a football field. It looks like a big movie screen. This is theatre. Football combines the strategy of chess. It's part ballet. It's part battleground, part playground. We clarify, amplify and glorify the game with our footage, the narration and that music, and in the end create an inspirational piece of footage.Steve Sabol
Failure is an opportunity to begin again more intelligently.Henry Ford.
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been.Alan Alda
If you think you can do it, you can.John Burroughs
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.e. e. cummings
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.John F. Kennedy
The secret to productivity is simplicity.Robin Sharma
To enjoy enduring success we should travel a little in advance of the world.John McDonald
The mind that tries to shape tomorrow beyond its capacities will find no rest.Rumi
The measure of success is happiness and peace of mind.Bobby Davro
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.Walt Disney
If my writing comes to a halt, I head to the shops: I find them very inspirational. And if I get into real trouble with my plot, I go out for a pizza with my husband.Sophie Kinsella
Encouragement of higher education for our youth is critical to the success of our collective future.Charles B. Rangel
I came to America with a dream and I made it. The dream became reality. America is built for success.Jean-Claude Van Damme
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.Carol Burnett
Only stupid people are changed by success.Jurgen Klopp
Knowing Is Not Enough; We Must Apply. Wishing Is Not Enough; We Must Do.Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
I love waking up in the morning not knowing what's gonna happen or, who I'm gonna meet, where I'm gonna wind up.Jack Dawson
I've always believed that success for anyone is all about drive, dedication, and desire, but for me, it's also been about confidence and faith.Stephen Curry
Picasso didn’t wait until he was Picasso to perform like Picasso.Robin Sharma
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.Martin Luther King Jr.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.Thomas A. Edison
You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream.C.S. Lewis
To begin, begin.William Wordsworth
Failure is a part of success.Hank Aaron
You can’t go back and make a brand new start. But, you can start now and make a brand new ending.Anonymous
As long as I'm not selling out the people that ride or die with me, I'm glad I'm not an MC. I'm a motivational speaker. I'm not that rapper dude.Young Jeezy
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.Dale Carnegie
Take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly, and try another. But by all means, try something.Franklin D. Roosevelt
Good ideas are like Nike sports shoes. They may facilitate success for an athlete who possesses them, but on their own they are nothing but an overpriced pair of sneakers. Sports shoes don't win races. Athletes do.Felix Dennis
Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.Henry Ford
I will always desire to play with Bruce Springsteen. He's the most inspirational, most dedicated, most committed and most focused artist I've ever seen. I like to be around people like that.Max Weinberg
Sometimes you need to push people into the deep for some people will never learn to swim if they've never been taught how it feels to drownShaan Ahmed
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.Walt Disney
What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.Jane Goodall
Commitment, belief and positive attitude are all important if you're going to be a success, whether you're in sports, in business or, as in my case, anthropology.Donald Johanson
I think, aesthetically, car design is so interesting - the dashboards, the steering wheels, and the beauty of the mechanics. I don't know how any of it works, I don't want to know, but it's inspirational.Paloma Picasso
Failure will never take me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.Og Mandino
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.John F. Kennedy
See things in the present, even if they are in the future.Larry Ellison
Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you.George Whitefield
You must always remember that the only thing necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing.Edmund Burke
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.Bradley Whitford
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.Tao Tzu
This is the time. This is the place. This is the vastness. Right here is paradise. Always. Always.Byron Katie
Make your faith larger than your fears and your dreams bigger than your doubts.Robin Sharma
One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.Thomas A. Edison
No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes.Alfred Adler
'All in With Laila Ali' is educational, inspirational, compelling programming profiling individuals that have reached for the sky, pushed themselves to the limit and did things that you would think were impossible.Laila Ali
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.Napoleon Bonaparte
You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.Maya Angelou
What matters is the value we’ve created in our lives, the people we’ve made happy and how much we’ve grown as people.Daisaku Ikeda
I have an idea of who I want to be, I have a vision of my own success.Wiz Khalifa
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.Maya Angelou
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.Maori Proverb
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.Arthur C. Clarke
A guitar is like an old friend that is there with me.B.B. King
Come, seek, for search is the foundation of fortune: every success depends upon focusing the heart.Rumi
Applause waits on success.Benjamin Franklin
When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful.Malala Yousafzai
If you're going through hell, keep going.Winston Churchill
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.Arnold H. Glasow
What they have done in Japan, which I find so inspirational, is they've brought the toilet out from behind the locked door. They've made it conversational. People go out and upgrade their toilet. They talk about it. They've sanitized it.Rose George
Never give in and never give up.Hubert H. Humphrey
Don’t complain about what you don’t have. Use what you’ve got. To be less than your best is a sin.Oprah Winfrey
The historical basis for the gap between the black middle class and underclass shows that ending discrimination, by itself, would not eradicate black poverty and dysfunction. We also need intervention to promulgate a middle-class ethic of success among the poor, while expanding opportunities for economic betterment.Henry Louis Gates
It is not the style of clothes one wears, neither the kind of automobile one drives, nor the amount of money one has in the bank, that counts. These mean nothing. It is simply service that measures success.George Washington Carver
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.A.P.J Abdul Kalam
It's a moment that I'm after, a fleeting moment, but not a frozen moment.Andrew Wyeth
Small daily improvements lead to stunning results.Robin Sharma
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uniformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informedMark Twain
Leap, and net will appear.John Burroughs
When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away.Anna Pavlova
There is just a lot of creativity and theatricality in performers who happen to be gay. Maybe there's a success in numbers, so by the law of averages we are going to get these jobs.Neil Patrick Harris
Temporary success can be achieved in spite of lack of other fundamental qualities, but no advancements can be maintained without hard work.William Feather
What I like to drink most is wine that belongs to othersDiogenes
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.Samuel Beckett
The most difficult times for many of us are the ones we give ourselves.Pema Chodron
There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance.Socrates
Your success story is a bigger story than whatever you're trying to say on stage. Success makes life easier. It doesn't make living easier.Bruce Springsteen
Do one thing every day that scares you.Eleanor Roosevelt
The only person you need to compare yourself with is who you were yesterday.Rushton Herley
But the best teams I've encountered have one important thing in common: their team structure and processes cover a full range of distinct competencies necessary for success.Jesse James Garrett
Less talk, more do. Less selfish, more selfless.Robin Sharma
We're not afraid of risking what was our success yesterday in order to explore some new field. We're adventurous. We like the challenge of unknown territory, unknown artistic field, and that's what stimulates us.Guy Laliberte
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.Oscar Wilde
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient.Gurbaksh Chahal
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.Rabindranath Tagore
Don’t allow your wounds to turn you into a person you are not.Paulo Coelho
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.Henry Ford
Travel far enough, you meet yourself.David Mitchell
Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.Pablo Picasso
Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats.Amos Bronson Alcott
There are no fears out there. There is nothing we cannot handle. It is just how we prepare ourselves mentaly and physically.Mahela Jayawardene
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.Robert Louis Stevenson
No great thing is created suddenly.Epictetus
Deacon Jones has been the most inspirational person in my football career.Jack Youngblood
Not on one strand are all life's jewels strung.William Morris
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.Vincent van Gogh
The people who influence you are the people who believe in you.Henry Drummond
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.Wayne Gretzky
God lets you be successful because he trusts you that you will do the right thing with it. Now, does he get disappointed often? All the time, because people get there and they forget how they got it.Steve Harvey
You must learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t possibly live long enough to make them all yourself.Sam Levenson
If you are going through hell, keep going.Winston Churchill
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.Thomas Merton
I'd like to one day be featured on a list of inspirational people who have made a difference in the world, whether it be helping underprivileged people or putting an end to the poaching of wildlife in Africa.Candice Swanepoel
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.Benjamin Disraeli
God lets you be successful because he trusts you that you will do the right thing with it. Now, does he get disappointed often? All the time, because people get there and they forget how they got it.Steve Harvey
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.Amelia Barr
The dream is free. The hustle is sold separately.Unknown
The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows.Aristotle Onassis
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.Andre Gide
The way doesn't matter, ambition is enough to get anywhere.Albert Camus
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.Norman Vincent Peale
I think if you do something and it turns out pretty good, then you should go do something else wonderful, not dwell on it for too long. Just figure out what’s next.Steve Jobs
You must do the things you think you cannot do.Eleanor Roosevelt
Motivation will almost always beat mere talent.Norman Ralph Augustine
If it ain't fun, don't do it.Jack Canfield
When feeling overwhelmed by a faraway goal, repeat the following: I have it within me right now, to get me to where I want to be later.Karen Salmansohn
Works of art make rules; rules do not make works of art.Claude Debussy
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.Dr. Seuss
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.George S. Patton
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.John F. Kennedy
There is no substitute for victory.Douglas MacArthur
It always takes two. For relationships to work, for them to break apart, for them to be fixed.Emily Giffin
I think it's way harder when you have success, 'cause people tend to not treat you the same or look at you the same because they see the success or the money you make.Meek Mill
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.Franklin D. Roosevelt
Either move or be moved.Ezra Pound
There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things.Niccolo Machiavelli
Nothing is as seductive as the assurance of success.Gertrude Himmelfarb
Success is not a place at which one arrives but rather the spirit with which one undertakes and continues the journey.Alex Noble
There's no secret about success. Did you ever know a successful man who didn't tell you about it?Kin Hubbard
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.Zig Ziglar
The difficult is what takes a little time; the impossible is what takes a little longer.Fridtjof Nansen
My dad told me, 'It takes fifteen years to be an overnight success', and it took me seventeen and a half years.Adrien Brody
Commercial success still hasn't come to an artist that isn't signed to a record label. There are very few artists that can succeed without the help of a record label. The role of the record label is still required, it's still necessary.Edgar Bronfman, Jr.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.Chinese Proverb
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.Robert Kiyosaki
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.Buddha
My store, Wine Library, outsells big national chains. How do you think we do it? It started with hustle. I always say that our success wasn't due to my hundreds of online videos about wine that went viral, but to the hours I spent talking to people online afterward, making connections and building relationships.Gary Vaynerchuk
If you believe the possibility exists, then you should do whatever it takes.Roy Mustang ('Fullmetal Alchemist')
Simplicity is a great virtue but it requires hard work to achieve it and education to appreciate it. And to make matters worse: complexity sells better.Edsger W. Dijkstra
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.Jim Rohn
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.Henry Ford
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.H. G. Wells
A man should be able to hear, and to bear, the worst that could be said of him.Saul Bellow
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.Thomas J. Watson
Happiness can exist only in acceptance.George Orwell
Positive thinking is the key to success in business, education, pro football, anything that you can mention. I go out there thinking that I'm going to complete every pass.Ron Jaworski
The flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today.Chinese Proverb
Things that look like an 'overnight success' typically are not.Jason Calacanis
Once you stop learning, you start dying.Albert Einstein
If I follow my dream and it shatters—I can accept having to regret that. But I don't want to regret not pursuing it in the first place.Akito Takagi ('Bakuman')
We live in a world of constant juxtaposition between joy that's possible and pain that's all too common. We hope for love and success and abundance, but we never quite forget that there is always lurking the possibility of disaster.Marianne Williamson
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success.David Sarnoff
I never assumed I would have that commercial success, so it was a total surprise. And honestly, I never assumed that it would ever happen again.Tracy Chapman
In order that people may be happy in their work, these three things are needed: They must be fit for it. They must not do too much of it. And they must have a sense of success in it.John Ruskin
Your belief determines your action and your action determines your results, but first you have to believe.Mark Victor Hansen
Whatever success I've had, I always like to top it.Bernie Mac
Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence. The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning.Denis Waitley
 If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary. Jim Rohn
'All in With Laila Ali' is educational, inspirational, compelling programming profiling individuals that have reached for the sky, pushed themselves to the limit and did things that you would think were impossible.Laila Ali
Deserve your dream.Octavio Paz
Success is full of promise till one gets it, and then it seems like a nest from which the bird has flown.Henry Ward Beecher
'No one can make you successful; the will to success comes from within.' I've made this my motto. I've internalized it to the point of understanding that the success of my actions and/or endeavors doesn't depend on anyone else, and that includes a possible failure.Fabrizio Moreira
Why talk of the team when our Cricket Board is like an exclusive club with members being there for years on end? If they can stay on without performing, the players too feel they can stay in the team without too big a performance.Sunil Gavaskar
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.John D. Rockefeller
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.Christopher Morley
'Chance' is just a word expressing ignorance.Richard Dawkins
What makes a champion is not how elegantly you start, but how strongly you finish.Robin Sharma
Who would have thought that a tap-dancing penguin would outpoint James Bond at the box office? And deserve to? Not that there's anything wrong with 'Casino Royale.' But 'Happy Feet' - written and directed by George Miller - is a complete charmer, even if, in the way of most family fare, it can't resist straying into the Inspirational.Robert Gottlieb
Stephen Colbert, The Colbert Report Learn the art of patience. Apply discipline to your thoughts when they become anxious over the outcome of a goal. Impatience breeds anxiety, fear, discouragement and failure. Patience creates confidence, decisiveness, and a rational outlook, which eventually leads to success.Brian Adams
The two most important requirements for major success are: first, being in the right place at the right time, and second, doing something about it.Ray Kroc
Success is following the pattern of life one enjoys most.Al Capp
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge.Abraham Joshua Heschel
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.Junipero Serra
Every exit is an entry somewhere else.Tom Stoppard
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.Jim Rohn
Choose a job you love and you will never have to work a day of your life.Confucius
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.Judy Collins
Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another.John Dewey
If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on.Sheryl Sandberg
The only journey is the one within.Rainer Maria Rilke
Never lose the sparkle in your eye, the fire in your belly and the steel in your character.Robin Sharma
The un-aimed arrow never misses.Anonymous
Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential for success in life - all areas of life. The really good news is that anyone can develop both honesty and integrity.Zig Ziglar
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.Bo Bennett
It's not the daily increase but daily decrease. Hack away at the unessential.Bruce Lee
Success is not a matter of mastering subtle, sophisticated theory but rather of embracing common sense with uncommon levels of discipline and persistence.Patrick Lencioni
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.Unknown
The future of America is not an entitlement. We have been given a treasure chest of gifts and opportunities, but some people are being left behind, and success is not sustainable unless it is shared.Howard Schultz
I realized I love motivating and I love empowering and I love inspiring people. I did that as an athlete for 18 years, and I am able to do that as a motivational speaker now as well as doing work on television.Dominique Dawes
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.Maya Angelou
I don't know what keeps me going. Sometimes I wonder... I think it's just pure perseverance and wanting to succeed and having that burning desire to always have success.Tanya Tucker
I have always been pushed by the negative. The apparent failure of a play sends me back to my typewriter that very night, before the reviews are out. I am more compelled to get back to work than if I had a success.Tennessee Williams
Success is getting and achieving what you want. Happiness is wanting and being content with what you get.Bernard Meltzer
Adventure may hurt you, but monotony will kill you.Unknown
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.Will Rogers
Be first and be lonely.Ginni Rometty
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.Jimmy Dean
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understandingLeonardo da Vinci
Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats.Amos Bronson Alcott
Within the hearts men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success.Bryant H. McGill
Democracy is good. I say this because other systems are worse.Jawaharlal Nehru
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.Jim Rohn
Nothing recedes like success.Walter Winchell
If you can tune into your purpose and really align with it, setting goals so that your vision is an expression of that purpose, then life flows much more easily.Jack Canfield
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
George loves the T Rex because it's the noisiest and the scariest.Kate Middleton
You deserve more in your life. Think big. Love more and share beyond your limits. You will then become limitless.Steven Cuoco
Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.Sumner Redstone
When it comes to social consequences, they've got all different people acting in different ways, very difficult to even have a proper criterion of success. So, it's a difficult task.George Soros
However things may seem, no evil thing is success and no good thing is failure.Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.Amelia Earhart
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Why be a man when you can be a success?Bertolt Brecht
Israel was not created in order to disappear - Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom.John F. Kennedy
'Get along, go along' is not an inspirational philosophy, and only God knows how much moral cowardice it has covered up over the years. Serve your time, collect your chits, and cash 'em in for your home state? No, I'd say we could ask for more than that from our senators.Molly Ivins
As kids we're not taught how to deal with success; we're taught how to deal with failure. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. If at first you succeed, then what?Charlie Sheen
Success is a process, a quality of mind and way of being, an outgoing affirmation of life.Alex Noble
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.Dalai Lama
Commercial success still hasn't come to an artist that isn't signed to a record label. There are very few artists that can succeed without the help of a record label. The role of the record label is still required, it's still necessary.Edgar Bronfman, Jr.
Refuse to accept the belief that your professional relevance, career success or financial security turns on the next update on the latest technology. Sometimes it's good to put the paddle down and just let the canoe glide.Simon Mainwaring
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.Wayne Dyer
I have had all of the disadvantages required for successLarry Ellison
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.David Frost
The truth is that relative income is not directly related to happiness. Nonpartisan social-survey data clearly show that the big driver of happiness is earned success: a person's belief that he has created value in his life or the life of others.Arthur C. Brooks
I was sure I'd set the world on fire, and it was hard for a young feller like me to realize the truth - that I hadn't set the world on fire, and I was totally unprepared to handle the consequences if 'The Big Trail' had been a success and launched me as a star.John Wayne
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.Seneca
Our daily decisions and habits have a huge impact upon both our levels of happiness and success.Shawn Achor
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.William Shakespeare
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.Albert Einstein
In fact, I wouldn't really call this a Gospel album, I call it more an inspirational album.Smokey Robinson
It's OK to not be OK, as long as you don't stay that way.Anonymous
The mullahs of the Islamic world and the mullahs of the Hindu world and the mullahs of the Christian world are all on the same side. And we are against them all.Arundhati Roy
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.Robert Frost
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself.Jiddu Krishnamurti
We become what we think about.Earl Nightingale
Go ahead. Look out the window. Isn't it a beautiful day?Anonymous
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.Steven Covey
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.Lily Tomlin
If you're going through hell, keep going.Winston Churchill
For true success ask yourself these four questions: Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now?James Allen
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.Wayne Dyer
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.Joshua Graham
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.John Wooden
The spiritual journey is individual, highly personal. It can't be organized or regulated. It isn't true that everyone should follow one path. Listen to your own truth.Ram Dass
Life’s challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they’re supposed to help you discover who you are.Bernice Johnson Reagon
Average people talk about people. Exceptional people discuss their dreams.Robin Sharma
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.Jack Welch
The more you love, the more you suffer.Vincent van Gogh
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.Isaac Newton
The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare.Bobby Knight
Just do it.Nike, Inc.
Well done is better than well said.Benjamin Franklin
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.Joseph Campbell
Believe in your dreams and dream big. And then after you’ve done that, dream bigger.Howard Schultz, CEO Starbucks
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.Audre Lorde
In a balanced organization, working towards a common objective, there is success.Arthur Helps
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction.Al Bernstein
The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried.Stephen McCranie
If people sat outside the looked at the stars each night, I'll bet they'd live a lot differentlyBill Watterson
Real success is not on the stage, but off the stage as a human being, and how you get along with your fellow man.Sammy Davis, Jr.
What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.Jane Goodall
You were born into fearlessness, but the world may have taught you to fear.Robin Sharma
Success is not a destination, but the road that you're on. Being successful means that you're working hard and walking your walk every day. You can only live your dream by working hard towards it. That's living your dream.Marlon Wayans
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.Og Mandino
The breaking of a wave cannot explain the whole sea.Vladimir Nabokov
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.Larry Page
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people.Harvey S. Firestone
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.Mae West
You have to be burning with an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right. If you’re not passionate enough from the start, you’ll never stick it out.Steve Jobs
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.Tupac Shakur
I did stand-up comedy for 18 years. Ten of those years were spent learning, four years were spent refining, and four years were spent in wild success. I was seeking comic originality, and fame fell on me as a byproduct. The course was more plodding than heroic.Steve Martin
Work until you no longer have to introduce yourself.Harvey Specter
My father, Oliver Hynes, was an educator. He was originally just a teacher, a very good one, but then he was promoted to be in charge of education for the entire area. He was always an inspirational teacher. He was my big personal supporter, always coming here for the Tony Awards. My mother, Carmel, was a homemaker.Garry Hynes
Who seeks shall find.Sophocles
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.Dalai Lama
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom.James Allen
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.John D. Rockefeller
The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it: so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it.Elbert Hubbard
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.Jim Rohn
Do it or don’t do it — you will regret both.Søren Kierkegaard
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.Herbert Kaufman
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.Helen Keller
Change your life today. Don’t gamble on the future, act now, without delay.Simone de Beauvoir
It's supposed to be hard. If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. The hard is what makes it great.Tom Hanks
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.Sharon Begley
A superstition is a premature explanation that overstays its time.George Iles
Success isn't about the end result, it's about what you learn along the way.Vera Wang
Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline.Graham Greene
Obsessed is a word that the lazy use to describe the dedicated.Unknown
A man should never neglect his family for business.Walt Disney
If you don’t give up, you still have a chance. Giving up is the greatest failure.Jack Ma
I'm not here to impose Sharia law, and I'm not here to have a message about disability being inspirational - I'm here to make people laugh. But when I can layer things and make people not only laugh but question, make people not only laugh but be offended... I have to do that.Maysoon Zayid
Microsoft has had two goals in the last 10 years. One was to copy the Mac, and the other was to copy Lotus' success in the spreadsheet - basically, the applications business. And over the course of the last 10 years, Microsoft accomplished both of those goals. And now they are completely lost.Steve Jobs
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.Pema Chodron
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.Theodore Roosevelt
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.Henry David Thoreau
A liberal is a person whose interests aren't at stake at the moment.Willis Player
Fame or perceived success - it all comes from groupthink.Chance The Rapper
Well-behaved women seldom make history.Laurel Thatcher Ulrich
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Always keep order inside chaos.Jorge Ramos
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.Christopher Columbus
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it.Kim Garst
Success in training the boy depends largely on the Scoutmaster's own personal example.Robert Baden-Powell
Reach for the stars.Christa McAuliffe
If you stumble make it part of the dance.Unknown
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.Unknown
The most important investment you can make is in yourself.Warren Buffett
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.William Blake
Life is not a game of luck. If you wanna win, work hard.Sora ('No Game No Life')
You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.Jack London
What's on my playlist when I'm fighting is not so much hip-hop. Sometimes, it's something more inspirational. I get a chance to think about what I'm fighting for, like, my family. It takes me to that state because a lot of times, it's a spiritual warfare for me.Tyron Woodley
My success is not due to any personal superiority over other people.John Philip Sousa
It's not about where your starting point is, but your end goal and the journey that will get you there.Unknown
A man can sleep around, no questions asked, but if a woman makes nineteen or twenty mistakes she's a tramp.Joan Rivers
I am seeking, I am striving, I am in it with all my heart.Vincent Van Gogh
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.George Edward Woodberry
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily.Zig Ziglar
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done.Vince Lombardi
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.Mario Andretti
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.Alexander Graham Bell
We define ourselves far too often by our past failures. That's not you. You are this person right now. You're the person who has learned from those failures. Build confidence and momentum with each good decision you make from here on out and choose to be inspired.Joe Rogan
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.Benjamin Franklin
Well done is better than well said.Benjamin Franklin
The secret of life is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.Paulo Coelho
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here firstMark Twain
You've got to eat while you dream. You've got to deliver on short-range commitments, while you develop a long-range strategy and vision and implement it. The success of doing both. Walking and chewing gum if you will. Getting it done in the short-range, and delivering a long-range plan, and executing on that.Jack Welch
Set a goal to achieve something that is so big, so exhilarating that it excites you and scares you at the same time.Bob Proctor
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.Napoleon Hill
America is the most grandiose experiment the world has seen, but, I am afraid, it is not going to be a success.Sigmund Freud
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.Erma Bombeck
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.Albert Einstein
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.Robert Louis Stevenson
Close all your escape routes, burn all your plan b’s and get busy doing that dream that only you were built to do.Robin Sharma
Don’t give in to your fears. If you do, you won’t be able to talk to your heart.Paulo Coelho
BE STRONG
You never know who you are inspiringUnknown
On a given day, a given circumstance, you think you have a limit. And you then go for this limit and you touch this limit, and you think, 'Okay, this is the limit'. And so you touch this limit, something happens and you suddenly can go a little bit further. With your mind power, your determination, your instinct, and the experience as well, you can fly very high.Ayrton Senna
The road to success is always under construction.Arnold Palmer
People do not seem to realise that their opinion of the world is also a confession of their character.Ralph Waldo Emerson
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.Vince Lombardi
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.Allen Saunders
Having a soft heart in a cruel world is courage, not weakness.Katherine Henson
We're in a situation where talented, motivated school leavers and graduates can send off a hundred CVs and not get a reply, and where a trip to the Job Centre is depressing rather than inspirational. And you know what, that just feels wrong.Jameela Jamil
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals.Booker T. Washington
Enjoy your sweat because hard work doesn't guarantee success, but without it you don't have a chance.Alex Rodriguez
Cultivation of mind should be the ultimate aim of human existence.B. R. Ambedkar
I found it interesting that as people become more technically oriented all over the world, at the same time people are becoming increasingly spiritual. The success of the Da Vinci code - even though it was a great yawn - also showed people's interest in religion.Barbara Walters
When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around.Willie Nelson
Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.Pablo Picasso
Wisdom is knowing what to do next, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it.David Starr Jordan
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.Bessie Anderson Stanley
Fear cuts deeper than swords.George R.R. Martin
Everything you can imagine is real.Pablo Picasso
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.Solomon Ortiz
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.Napoleon Hill
Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work.Booker T. Washington
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.Unknown
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.Benjamin Franklin
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have.Zig Ziglar
Success is due to our stretching to the challenges of life. Failure comes when we shrink from them.John C. Maxwell
Don’t give up just because things get hard. Give up if you feel in your gut that moving on is the right choice for you.Lori Deschene
Don’t stop when you’re tired. STOP when you are DONE.Anonymous
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.Mark Twain
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.Leo Buscaglia
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.Woodrow Wilson
One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.Thomas A. Edison
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity no matter how impressive their other talents.Andrew Carnegie
You will never win if you never begin.Helen Rowland
Greatness comes by beginning something that doesn’t end with you.Robin Sharma
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.Dr. Suess
There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.Sherlock Holmes
Success is what you do with your ability. It's how you use your talent.George Allen, Sr.
It's both rebellion and conformity that attack you with success.Amy Tan
 It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.Grace Hopper
Honesty is the cornerstone of all success, without which confidence and ability to perform shall cease to exist.Mary Kay Ash
I had an inspirational teacher at my junior school: Peter Nixon. He was enthusiastic, knowledgeable and slightly scary - a good combination for a teacher.Stephen Mangan
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.Aristotle
Bodybuilding is an art, your body is the canvas, weights are your brush and nutrition is your paint. We all have the ability to turn a self-portrait into a masterpiece.Kai Greene
The longer you hang in there, the greater the chance that something will happen in your favor. No matter how hard it seems, the longer you persist, the more likely your success.Jack Canfield
I've been blessed to be somebody that's been climbing that success mountain top for years of hard work, you know, but now it's all connecting. And now, the whole world is watching, you know what I'm saying, and it feels good 'cause it's good energy. This is all positive vibes, and good vibes and good energy, so it feels incredible.DJ Khaled
I am not afraid...I was born to do this.Joan of Arc
I do a lot of inspirational talks for kids, to motivate them to change their lives and give them hope.Adam Beach
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.Jim Rohn
Nobody travels on the road to success without a puncture or two.Navjot Singh Sidhu
People should pursue what they're passionate about. That will make them happier than pretty much anything else.Elon Musk
There is simply no substitute for hard work when it comes to achieving success.Heather Bresch
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.Hellen Keller
Just know that I was once considered just a dreamer... Then I paid my dues and turned so many doubters to believers...Big K.R.I.T.
What I have in common with the character in 'Truman' is this incredible need to please people. I feel like I want to take care of everyone and I also feel this terrible guilt if I am unable to. And I have felt this way ever since all this success started.Jim Carrey
Dedicate yourself to expressing your best.Robin Sharma
If you've got a talent, protect it.Jim Carrey
Nothing is worth more than this day.Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.Dan Millman
Let go of distractions—make room for intention.Joshua Fields Millburn
Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it.Viktor E. Frankl
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.George Bernard Shaw
Either move or be moved.Ezra Pound
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.Toni Morrison
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.Emily Dickinson
The one place that David is equal to Goliath is in the Supreme Court.”Joe Biden
I think that my biggest attribute to any success that I have had is hard work. There really is no substitute for working hard.Maria Bartiromo
My parents are very proud of my success but still worry, as I'm in a profession where there is no guarantee of work. They have always supported my decision to go into acting, but there have been tough times work-wise.David Harewood
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.Andy Warhol
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success.Henry David Thoreau
Whether a party can have much success without a woman present I must ask others to decide, but one thing is certain, no party is any fun unless seasoned with folly.Desiderius Erasmus
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for ordinary.Jim Rohn.
Eventually soul mates meet, for they have the same hiding place.Robert Brault
The very first step towards success in any occupation is to become interested in it.William Osler
If I could offer but one helpful hint to young Hoosiers hoping to better their odds for success in life, I would simply note the importance of thoughtful reading.Richard Lugar
I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.Henry David Thoreau
To me, the Seventies were very inspirational and very influential... With my whole persona as Snoop Dogg, as a person, as a rapper. I just love the Seventies style, the way all the players dressed nice, you know, kept their hair looking good, drove sharp cars and they talked real slick.Snoop Dogg
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.Eleanor Roosevelt
Step out of the history that is holding you back. Step into the new story you are willing to create.Oprah Winfrey
We judge ourselves by our intentions and others by their behaviour.Stephen M.R. Covey
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.Steve Jobs
Choose something you like to do. I know it's a cliche, and you've heard it over and over. But the reason is, you're going to have to work long and hard to achieve any success. You better like it or life is going to be terrible.Bill Kurtis
There have been many different artists that have been inspirational. I suppose the question is directed to what was the reason why I went into fantasy illustration.Boris Vallejo
Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy.Wayne Gretzky
It is not the going out of port, but the coming in, that determines the success of a voyage.Henry Ward Beecher
In matters of style swim with the current. In matters of principle, stand like a rock.Unknown
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.Dale Carnegie
The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest; success only comes later.Confucius
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.Vince Lombardi
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.Nido Qubein
No Ordinary American Cares About Their Constitutional Rights.Joe Biden
Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a Champion.Muhammad Ali
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.Dale Carnegie
True success, true happiness lies in freedom and fulfillment.Dada Vaswani
Great things come to those who don’t wait.Anonymous
One measure of your success will be the degree to which you build up others who work with you. While building up others, you will build up yourself.James E. Casey
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you’ll be successful.Eric Thomas
A goal should scare you a little and excite you a lot.Joe Vitale
The first step in solving a problem is to recognize that it does exist.Zig Ziglar
In 20 years, you probably won't even remember this.Anonymous
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety.Aeschylus
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.Amelia Earhart
Oh, I would love to be a motivational speaker. I have pulled myself out of a million potholes, and I can see the potholes ahead of me. That doesn't mean that I could always do that so perfectly for my own life. I totally fall in potholes.Drew Barrymore
Set a goal to achieve something that is so big, so exhilarating that it excites you and scares you at the same time.Bob Proctor
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.Albert Camus
Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry.Jack Kerouac
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on.Barack Obama
Life is a series of moments. If you miss the moments, you miss your life.Robin Sharma
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.Sharon Begley
It's a wonderful feeling when your father becomes not a god but a man to you -- when he comes down from the mountain and you see he's this man with weaknesses. And you love him as this whole being, not as a figurehead.Robin Willaims
Don’t grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.Rumi
The success of each of us benefits us all, and the success of us all benefits each of us individually.Walter Ulbricht
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.Gordon B. Hinckley
When in doubt, use brute force.Ken Thompson
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.Jack London
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.J.K. Rowling
Music is my religion. Jimi Hendrix
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.George Lorimer
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.Lucille Ball
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.Abraham Lincoln
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different.Donna Brazile
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.Henry David Thoreau
I define success as being comfortable with yourself and your life. And that is about as good as it gets, really.Treat Williams
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.Michael Jordan
Don't compare your beginning to someone else's middle.Jon Acuff
When Bill Clinton ran in '92, and I listened to him, and I had of course known of his record from Arkansas, I found him extraordinarily inspirational, and I voted Democratic.Wesley Clark
If you put off everything till you're sure of it, you'll never get anything done.Norman Vincent Peale
Cautious, careful people, always casting about to preserve their reputations can never effect a reform.Susan B. Anthony
Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made.Tyler Kent White
Typically, if you reward something, you get more of it. You punish something, you get less of it. And our businesses have been built for the last 150 years very much on that kind of motivational scheme.Daniel H. Pink
Learn what is to be taken seriously and laugh at the rest.Hermann Hesse
We're in a situation where talented, motivated school leavers and graduates can send off a hundred CVs and not get a reply, and where a trip to the Job Centre is depressing rather than inspirational. And you know what, that just feels wrong.Jameela Jamil
A mother is not a person to lean on but a person to make leaning unnecessary.Dorothy C. Fisher
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.Theodore Roosevelt
The main thing is to be moved, to love, to hope, to tremble, to live.Auguste Rodin
A somebody was once a nobody who wanted to and did.John Burroughs
People repeat behaviour that leads to flooding their brains with pleasurable chemicals. The short-term reward loop acts over hours to years, and the long-term reproductive success loop over generations.Keith Henson
Champions extend their limits and make things happen.Amit Ray
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success.Jack Welch
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.Arthur C. Clarke
As long as our orientation is toward perfection or success, we will never learn about unconditional friendship with ourselves, nor will we find compassion.Pema Chodron
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.John Donne
Keep your goals away from the trolls.Unknown
And now, this is the sweetest and most glorious day that ever my eyes did see.Donald Cargill
I know of no single formula for success. But over the years I have observed that some attributes of leadership are universal and are often about finding ways of encouraging people to combine their efforts, their talents, their insights, their enthusiasm and their inspiration to work together.Queen Elizabeth II
No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure.Napoleon Hill
If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.Gandhi
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today. Thomas Jefferson
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.Tony Robbins
I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings.Gustave Flaubert
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. Jim Rohn
Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.Winston Churchill
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.Harvey Fierstein
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.Daniel Patrick Moynihan
I'm still craving approval from my parents. It took a lot of success for me to realize it was never coming. It's just not in their nature.Andrew Stanton
I don’t give a damn for the diploma. What I want is the knowledge.Soichiro Honda
If you want to be successful, you must respect one rule – Never lie to yourself.Paulo Coelho
I never could have achieved the success that I have without setting physical activity and health goals.Bonnie Blair
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility.Saint Augustine
However things may seem, no evil thing is success and no good thing is failure.Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Success is the sweetest revenge.Vanessa Williams
You are loved just for being who you are, just for existing. You don't have to do anything to earn it. Your shortcomings, your lack of self-esteem, physical perfection, or social and economic success - none of that matters. No one can take this love away from you, and it will always be here.Ram Dass
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.Bessie Anderson Stanley
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.Steve Jobs
The victor belongs to the spoils.F. Scott Fitzgerald
It's hard for a man to live with a successful woman - they seem to resent you so much. Very few men are generous enough to accept success in their women.Shirley Bassey
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Purpose and laughter are the twins that must not separate. Each is empty without the other.Robert Greenleaf
The optimist underestimates how difficult it is to achieve real change, believing that anything is possible and it's possible now. Only by confronting head-on the reality that all progress is going to be obstructed by vested interests and corrupted by human venality can we create realistic programmes that actually have a chance of success.Julian Baggini
They say a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but it’s not one half so bad as a lot of ignorance.Terry Pratchett
Change your thoughts and you change your world.Norman Vincent Peale
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.John Cage
To have success in your professional life is not so hard. To succeed as a man is more difficult.Yann Arthus-Bertrand
This CD became something of a personal journey for me. The tone of the whole CD is uplifting and inspirational. It's an upper. We have enough downers in the world.Roma Downey
God has already done everything He's going to do. The ball is now in your court. If you want success, if you want wisdom, if you want to be prosperous and healthy, you're going to have to do more than meditate and believe; you must boldly declare words of faith and victory over yourself and your family.Joel Osteen
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.Oprah Winfrey
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.Aristotle
Comfort is the enemy of achievement.Farrah Gray
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.Frank Zappa
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.Winston Churchill
More power than all the success slogans ever penned by human hand is the realization for every man that he has but one boss. That boss is the man - he - himself.Gabriel Heatter
Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.Ernest Barbaric
Blaming others is excusing yourself.Robin Sharma
UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity.Dennis Ritchie
Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not.Iroh
Achieve success in any area of life by identifying the optimum strategies and repeating them until they become habits.Charles J. Givens
Be so good they can't ignore you.Steve Martin
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again. This time more intelligently.Henry Ford
I don't know what keeps me going. Sometimes I wonder... I think it's just pure perseverance and wanting to succeed and having that burning desire to always have success.Tanya Tucker
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.Vince Lombardi
Curiosity is the engine of achievement.Ken Robinson
I think Spain will always remain inspirational, and I think French cuisine will continue to be very French and yet very relevant with its time and keep evolving. But the last thing you want for it is to become too trendy and confusing. It has too much history.Daniel Boulud
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.Bill Bradley
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.e. e. cummings
Success is the sum of small efforts - repeated day in and day out.Robert Collier
I would love to be a guest on a talk show or a panel that shows women who have been on reality shows who've had success, to prove to audiences that you don't have to be a fool to become successful.NeNe Leakes
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.Ellen DeGeneres
One finds limits by pushing them.Herbert Simon
I get invited to many more literary festivals than I used to because I'm associated with 'Slumdog Millionaire,' the brand. Many more doors have opened up for me as a result of the global success of the film, although I believe that I'm the same person that existed before it.Vikas Swarup
It always seems impossible until it is done.Nelson Mandela
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.Dale Carnegie
I look at where I'm at today and realize that most of my success is owed to the mentors that was in my life.Kendrick Lamar
Great hopes make great men.Thomas Fuller
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret.Earl Nightingale
There is no witness so dreadful, no accuser so terrible as the conscience that dwells in the heart of every man.Polybius
Success is something you attract by the person you become.Jim Rohn
I try to make myself happy because I know that if I’m not happy, my colleagues are not happy and my shareholders are not happy and my customers are not happy.Jack Ma
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts.Albert Einstein
Barack Obama's inspirational whoosh to the presidency in 2008 was unusual. Most campaigns are less exhilarating; indeed, they are downright disappointing - until someone wins.Joe Klein
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.Maya Angelou
Excuses are born out of fear. Eliminate your fear and there will be no excuses.Unknown
It's a slow process, but quitting won't speed it up.Anonymous
To See What Is Right And Not Do It Is A Lack Of Courage.Confucious
Sustainability is the key to our survival on this planet and will also determine success on all levels.Shari Arison
Go the extra mile -- it's never crowded.Anonymous
The very best thing you can do for the whole world is to make the most of yourself.Wallace D. Wattles
Most people live way too long in the past. The past is a springboard to jump forward from, not a sofa to relax on.Tawfīq al-Ḥakīm
Look in the mirror... That's your competition.Anonymous
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.Jim Rohn
If we get our self-esteem from superficial places, from our popularity, appearance, business success, financial situation, health, any of these, we will be disappointed, because no one can guarantee that we'll have them tomorrow.Kathy Ireland
“Unless India stands up to the world, no one will respect us. In this world, fear has no place. Only strength respects strength.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
Once you surrender to your vision, success begins to chase you.Robin Sharma
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.John Barrymore
Success has always been a great liar.Friedrich Nietzsche
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.Elbert Hubbard
He who conquers others is strong, he who conquers himself is mighty.Lao Tsu
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.Mark Twain
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.Lyndon B. Johnson
I think you can have 10,000 explanations for failure, but no good explanation for success.Paulo Coelho
May I never be complete. May I never be content. May I never be perfect.Chuck Palahniuk
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure.Zig Ziglar
Blood, Sweat and Respect. First Two You Give, Last One You Earn Dwayne Johnson | The Rock
If a writer falls in love with you, you can never die.Mik Everett
I can honestly say that I was never affected by the question of the success of an undertaking. If I felt it was the right thing to do, I was for it regardless of the possible outcome.Golda Meir
Never allow the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game!Babe Ruth
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.Lucille Ball
It's both rebellion and conformity that attack you with success.Amy Tan
Life affords no higher pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties, passing from one step of success to another, forming new wishes and seeing them gratified.Samuel Johnson
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time.Anthony J. D'Angelo
No matter how much success you're having, you can't continue working together if you can't communicate.Matt Cameron
A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but its persistence.Anonymous
Your success depends mainly upon what you think of yourself and whether you believe in yourself.William J. H. Boetcker
I'm very fond of the British cinema. I'm a big fan of Martin Campbell and Daniel Craig. I actually find Daniel very inspirational, especially on the physical side of things. He really inspired me to get back into shape when I started to add on a few pounds. I think he's a great role model.Steven Bauer
Humor has bailed me out of more tight situations than I can think of. If you go with your instincts and keep your humor, creativity follows. With luck, success comes, too.Jimmy Buffett
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.Maya Angelou
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.Wayne Dyer
Fortune sides with him who dares.Virgil
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.Samuel Beckett
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.Theodore N. Vail
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.Vidal Sassoon
It’s always too early to quit.Norman Vincent Peale
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing.Michael Gove
I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.Zig Ziglar
A peace talk is always difficult, always complicated.Jack Ma
The one phrase you can use is that success has a thousand fathers, and failure is an orphan.Alan Price
 The best revenge is massive success.Frank SinatraFrank Sinatra
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly.Robert H. Schuller
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it.The Goblet of Fire
Either you run the day or the day runs you.Jim Rohn
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.Neil Armstrong
Why allow a painful past to destroy your perfect future.Robin Sharma
Hopefully I'll continue to have the success I've had.Tiger Woods
Success… seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.Conrad Hilton
Every song you're trying to find something that going to connect in different ways but for me the songs that I'm really drawn to are inspirational, songs that lift you and that everybody can relate to no matter where you're from.Rodney Atkins
Shipping beats perfection.Unknown
Success is about dedication. You may not be where you want to be or do what you want to do when you're on the journey. But you've got to be willing to have vision and foresight that leads you to an incredible end.Usher
I grew up in a bookless house - my parents didn't read poetry, so if I hadn't had the chance to experience it at school I'd never have experienced it. But I loved English, and I was very lucky in that I had inspirational English teachers, Miss Scriven and Mr. Walker, and they liked us to learn poems by heart, which I found I loved doing.Carol Ann Duffy
Think with your whole body.Taisen Deshimaru
Idleness is not doing nothing. Idleness is being free to do anything.Floyd Dell
Don't watch the clock, do what it does, keep going.Sam Levenson
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have beenMark Twain
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success.James Cameron
You never know what motivates you.Cicely Tyson
Forward, as occasion offers. Never look round to see whether any shall note it... Be satisfied with success in even the smallest matter, and think that even such a result is no trifle.Marcus Aurelius
Who seeks shall find.Sophocles
The secret of success is to be in harmony with existence, to be always calm to let each wave of life wash us a little farther up the shore.Cyril Connolly
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.Bo Jackson
Space is an inspirational concept that allows you to dream big.Peter Diamandis
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.Unknown
The saddest thing that can happen to a person is to find out their memories are lies.Juan Gabriel Vásquez
Do more with less.Unknown
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matterMark Twain
As I've progressed in my career, I've come to appreciate - and really value - the other attributes that define a company's success beyond the P&L: great leadership, long-term financial strength, ethical business practices, evolving business strategies, sound governance, powerful brands, values-based decision-making.Ursula Burns
The love of what you do, combined with your belief in what you do, will not determine your success. It will determine how hard you will work and how dedicated you will be to achieving it. Success just shows up from there.Jeffrey Gitomer
Nobody knows what you feel inside unless you tell them.Banksy
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm going to write a book, continue acting, continue motivational speaking and just share with people who I am and what I've learned in my second chance of life and pass it on to people in their first chance of life.J. R. Martinez
Success is little more than a chemical compound of man with moment.Philip Guedalla
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.Jessica Savitch
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.Anais Nin
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.Albert Einstein
If our lives are already written, it would take a courageous man to change the script.Alan Wake
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.Henry Norris Russell
My success was due to good luck, hard work, and support and advice from friends and mentors. But most importantly, it depended on me to keep trying after I had failed.Mark Warner
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.William Blake
Success in any endeavor depends on the degree to which it is an expression of your true self.Ralph Marston
The Man Who Has Confidence In Himself Gains The Confidence Of Others.Hasidic Proverb
Four years of football are calculated to breed in the average man more of the ingredients of success in life than almost any academic course he takes.Knute Rockne
Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.John C. Maxwell
It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness; that is life.Jean Luc Picard
The training is nothing! The will is everything! The will to act.Henri Ducard, from Batman Begins
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.Ted Turner
Our subliminal mental processes operate outside awareness because they arise in these portions of our mind that are inaccessible to our conscious self; their inaccessibility is due to the architecture of the brain rather than because they have been subject to Freudian motivational forces like repression.Leonard Mlodinow
The man who never in his mind and thoughts travel'd to heaven is no artistWilliam Blake
Entrepreneurship is like a computer game in which you have to master every level before achieving success. Startups repeatedly stumble and have to go back to the drawing board. The best way to skip some levels and to increase the odds of survival is to learn from others who have already played the game.Vivek Wadhwa
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.John D. Rockefeller
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.Charles Morgan
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.Aesop
When you win, nothing hurts.Joe Namath
Success is a terrible thing and a wonderful thing. If you can enjoy it, it's wonderful. If it starts eating away at you, and they're waiting for more from me, or what can I do to top this, then you're in trouble. Just do what you love. That's all I want to do.Gene Wilder
I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down.Mia Hamm
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.Walt Disney
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.Franklin D. Roosevelt
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.Benjamin Disraeli
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.Albert Camus
This too, shall pass.Anonymous
For an actress to be a success, she must have the face of a Venus, the brains of a Minerva, the grace of Terpsichore, the memory of a MaCaulay, the figure of Juno, and the hide of a rhinoceros.Ethel Barrymore
Of all the things people have taught me regarding life lessons or anything that would benefit me, I don't think anything helped me learn more about life than football. You go through so many different things: adversity, how to handle adversity, how to handle success, how to lead, how to be a teammate, how to communicate.Josh McDaniels
It doesn't matter whether you are pursuing success in business, sports, the arts, or life in general: The bridge between wishing and accomplishing is discipline.Harvey Mackay
There is no shame in making an honest effort.Epictetus
Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are your ready?'Johnny Carson
Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.Shah Rukh Khan
Dreams and dedication are a powerful combination.William Longgood
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.Will Rogers
Just as you wouldn't leave the house without taking a shower, you shouldn't start the day without at least 10 minutes of sacred practice: prayer, meditation, inspirational reading.Marianne Williamson
I never knew a man come to greatness or eminence who lay abed late in the morning. Johnathan Swift
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.Sun Tzu
Replace fear of the unknown with curiosity.Unknown
I view art as an inspirational tool.Thomas Kincade
Once you start working on something, don’t be afraid of failure and don’t abandon it. People who work sincerely are the happiest.Chanakya
Of all things, I liked books best.Nikola Tesla
No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world.John Keating
For the most part, the best opportunities now lie where your competitors have yet to establish themselves, not where they're already entrenched.Paul Allen
If you can figure out my success on the screen, you're a better man than I.Alan Ladd
My job as a leader is to make sure everybody in the company has great opportunities, and that they feel they're having a meaningful impact and are contributing to the good of society.Larry Page
Success consists in being successful, not in having potential for success. Any wide piece of ground is the potential site of a palace, but there's no palace till it's built.Fernando Pessoa
The secret of success is sincerity.Jean Giraudoux
Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it.Rafiki, from The Lion King
Sweat is fat crying.Unknown
Well-behaved women seldom make history.Laurel Thatcher Ulrich
When we stop taking risks, we stop living life.Robin Sharma
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.George Burns
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it.Steve Jobs
I like to put on hardcore when I have to clean my apartment, which I hate to do, but it's motivational. I like old heavy metal when I'm outside working on my car. Music has definite functions for me.Peter Steele
The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment.Pema Chodron
There is nothing so stable as change.Bob Dylan
Always read stuff that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.P. J. O'Rourke
Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own.Michelle Obama
We help people to begin truly healthful diets, and it is absolutely wonderful to see, not only their success, but also their delight at their ability to break old habits and feel really healthy for a change.Neal Barnard
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.Vince Lombardi
 I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.Thomas A. Edison
To listen is an effort, and just to hear is no merit. A duck hears also.Igor Stravinsky
Please pay attention very carefully, because this is the truest thing a stranger will ever say to you: In the face of such hopelessness as our eventual, unavoidable death, there is little sense in not at least TRYING to accomplish all your wildest dreams in life.Kevin Smith
Try to look at your weakness and convert it into your strength. That's success.Zig Ziglar
Dont lose a woman that has seen your flaws and still loves you.Nizar Qabbani
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going.Chantal Sutherland
You know you’re a success when you look at your kids and realize they turned out better than you.Joe Biden
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.Pema Chodron
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.Albert Einstein
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it.Unknown
The important thing is to not stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.Albert Einstein
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.Karim Seddiki
Of all the things I've done, the most vital is coordinating those who work with me and aiming their efforts at a certain goal.Walt Disney
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earthMuhammad Ali
Everything is created twice, first in the mind and then in reality.Robin Sharma
Who you are becoming is more important than what you are accumulating.Robin Sharma
Each work has to pass through these stages - ridicule, opposition, and then acceptance. Those who think ahead of their time are sure to be misunderstood.Swami Vivekananda
Once you have a lot of success, you become a target in many ways.Jennifer Lopez
Fear stops people from accomplishing their goals.Unknown
Till the full stop doesn't comes, the sentence doesn't completes.M.S. Dhoni
If I love myself despite my infinite faults, how can I hate anyone at the glimpse of a few faults.Swami Vivekananda
The love of what you do, combined with your belief in what you do, will not determine your success. It will determine how hard you will work and how dedicated you will be to achieving it. Success just shows up from there.Jeffrey Gitomer
A lucky person gets up in the morning, puts both feet on the floor, knows what they’re about to do and thinks it still matters.Joe Biden
Great minds have great purposes, others have wishes. Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them.Washington Irving
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.Thomas Jefferson
I've been known to write 10 pages a day for 10 days running before I take a breath. I am not a disciplined writer. I'm one of those people who laughingly call themselves inspirational writers, which basically means someone who has no control over their own creative process.Catherine Ryan Hyde
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.Mark Twain
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.Richard Bach
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.Franklin D. Roosevelt
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success.Irving Berlin
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.Will Rogers
Today’s a great day to behave as the person you’ve always wanted to be.Robin Sharma
In inner-city, low-income communities of color, there's such a high correlation in terms of educational quality and success.Bill Gates
I'm happy to be on a winning team. My individual success, that lasts for a short period of time. The success of being a part of the South, of Atlanta, which is now the hot bed of music, that's what's gonna last the longest. The fact that I contributed to planting our flag and moving music to my city, that's what I'm most proud of.T.I.
Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses.Marilyn vos Savant
Oh captain, my captain.Todd Anderson
There is only one way to fail, it is by giving up before succeeding.Georges Clémenceau
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it doneBruce Lee
Fill your brain with giant dreams so that there’s no space for petty pursuits.Robin Sharma
The way of a superior man is three-fold: virtuous, he is free from anxieties; wise, he is free from perplexities; bold, he is free from fear.Confucius
Typically, if you reward something, you get more of it. You punish something, you get less of it. And our businesses have been built for the last 150 years very much on that kind of motivational scheme.Daniel H. Pink
Since we launched the original 'Pop Idol' in England, I've remained close with Simon Fuller. Working as executive producer on 'American idol' for its first seven years not only was an inspirational journey into the heart of American pop culture, it opened my eyes to the untapped potential of the incredibly dynamic young people in this world.Nigel Lythgoe
The secret of getting ahead is getting startedMark Twain
People do not seem to realise that their opinion of the world is also a confession of their character.Ralph Waldo Emerson
When one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superiorHenry C Link
We become what we think about.Earl Nightingale
I stand by all the misstatements that I've made.Dan Quayle
Feeling is the consciousness of the resulting conditions - of success, failure, equilibrium, compromise or balance, in this continuous rivalry of ideas.James Mark Baldwin
Sometimes you need to push people into the deep for some people will never learn to swim if they've never been taught how it feels to drownShaan Ahmed
Telecom is a dramatic success in India and our view is, respecting the political process, and respecting the fact that these are sovereign decisions, is that, approaching India as a friend.John W. Snow
Deserve your dream.Octavio Paz
There's a direct correlation between positive energy and positive results in the physical form.Joe Rogan
When I ran the stock exchange, it was the most successful it's been in its 200-plus-year history. And I was rewarded for success; I would not have been rewarded if we failed.Richard Grasso
If you quit ONCE it becomes a habit.Never quit!!! Michael Jordan
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.Plato
A government for the people must depend for its success on the intelligence, the morality, the justice, and the interest of the people themselves.Grover Cleveland
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old but on building the new.Unknown
My proudest achievement has been the success of the shows and artists I have been involved with, because they were made in Britain.Simon Cowell
When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away.Anna Pavlova
To this day, just always treat people the way you want to be treated. Whether it's family or friends or co-workers, I think it's the most important thing. Whether you have success or don't have it, whether you're a good person is all that matters.Brenda Song
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.Aesop
A concerted effort to preserve our heritage is a vital link to our cultural, educational, aesthetic, inspirational, and economic legacies - all of the things that quite literally make us who we are.Steve Berry
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.Napoleon Hill
The dog that trots about finds a bone.Golda Meir
Sometimes your greatest strength can emerge as a weakness if the context changes.Harsha Bhogle
Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others' success, and then standing back and letting them shine.Chris Hadfield
Your chances of success in any undertaking can always be measured by your belief in yourself.Robert Collier
Don’t fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.Unknown
If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it.Ronnie Lott
I'm an addict, I'm addicted to success. Thankfully, there's no rehab for success.Lil Wayne
God always strives together with those who strive.Aeschylus
The way we do small things determines the way we do everything.Robin Sharma
If you’re not growing more leaders you’re not leading, you’re following.Robin Sharma
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.Alfred A. Montapert
Success is the only motivational factor that a boy with character needs.Woody Hayes
Treat failure as a lesson on how not to approach achieving a goal, and then use that learning to improve your chances of success when you try again. Failure is only the end if you decide to stop.Richard Branson
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
It is strange that only extraordinary men make the discoveries, which later appear so easy and simple.Georg C. Lichtenberg
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve!Andrew Carnegie
Science has revealed that the human body is made up of millions and millions of atoms… For example, I am made up of 5.8 x 10^27 atoms.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
Although he's no longer with us, Steve Jobs is still inspirational to me, as he managed to find the balance between right brain/left-brain thinking that is crucial to building a creative technology business.Imran Amed
Your true success in life begins only when you make the commitment to become excellent at what you do.Brian Tracy
Success is not two cars or a swimming pool. It's the approval of your peers.Peter Finch
Hope... is the companion of power, and the mother of success; for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.Samuel Smiles
Success is just being happy. And I try so many different things. I do a lot of different things. Because I think God has helped me to love myself. I know who God is, and I love God.Herschel Walker
Do a little more of what you want to do every day, until your idea becomes what's real.Unknown
The cure to boredom is curiosity.Unknown
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it.Kim Garst
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.André Gide
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.Jim Rohn
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.Benjamin Franklin
Do What You Can With All You Have, Wherever You Are.Theodore Roosevelt
A key to achieving success is to assemble a strong and stable management team.Vivek Wadhwa
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.Anne Frank
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the restMark Twain
I've got a theory that if you give 100 percent all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.Larry Bird
What we do in life echoes in eternity.Maximus, from Gladiator
We Generate Fears While We Sit. We Overcome Them By Action.Dr. Henry Link
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.Marcus Aurelius
Losers focus on winners. Winners focus on winning.Conor McGregor
I'm not about caring, I'm about winning.Harvey Specter
Pour on, I will endure.William Shakespeare
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth; people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.James Allen
Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things; that's all.Harry Seidler
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.Unknown
When you wake up in the morning you have two choices: go back to sleep, or wake up and chase those dreams.Unknown
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.Les Brown
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.Diane Ackerman
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.Albert Schweitzer
There is only one happiness in life – to love and to be loved.George Sand
Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back, and choose the path that leads you to wisdom.Buddha
It's the steady, quiet, plodding ones who win in the lifelong race.Robert W. Service
At Princeton I gained a great deal of pleasure from success in my classes. knowing that I could accomplish those things, and I realized that my success was directly proportionate to the work I put in.Brooke Shields
When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts.Bo Bennett
One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low.Thomas Fuller
You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.Unknown
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.Anais Nin
An artist must never be a prisoner. Prisoner? An artist should never be a prisoner of himself, prisoner of style, prisoner of reputation, prisoner of success, etc.Henri Matisse
Treat failure as a lesson on how not to approach achieving a goal, and then use that learning to improve your chances of success when you try again. Failure is only the end if you decide to stop.Richard Branson
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.Leo Buscaglia
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way.Marcus Aurelius
In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.Henry Ward Beecher
Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself.Henry James
I hate to be a failure. I hate and regret the failure of my marriages. I would gladly give all my millions for just one lasting marital success.J. Paul Getty
Sometimes good guys gotta to bad things to make the bad guys pay.Harvey Specter
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.Harvey Fierstein
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.Bob Dylan
I tried out various experiments described in treatises on physics and chemistry, and the results were sometimes unexpected. At times, I would be encouraged by a little unhoped-for success; at others, I would be in the deepest despair because of accidents and failures resulting from my inexperience.Marie Curie
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.Bruce Lee
When you are about to quit remember why you started.Conor McGregor
I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you’re on it.Johnny Depp
Dream, Dream Dream...
Dreams transform into thoughts And thoughts result in action.Dr APJ Abdul Kalam
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value.Hermann Hesse
The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work.Harry Golden
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.Marcus Aurelius
Growing up, in church we had the homily; at home it's what I call the 'momily' - the inspirational and instructive mom-isms that every family has.Christine Pelosi
Your heaviest artillery will be your will to live. Keep that big gun going.Norman Cousins
You really have to work hard and apply yourself and by applying yourself and working hard and being diligent, you can achieve success.Julie Benz
Achievers have an enabling attitude, realism, and a conviction that they themselves were the laboratory of innovation. Their ability to change themselves is central to their success. They have learned to conserve their energy by minimizing the time spent in regret or complaint. Every event is a lesson to them, every person a teacher.Marilyn Ferguson
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals.Paul J. Meyer
How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success.William Ellery Channing
A critical factor in its success was that the X developers were willing to give the sources away for free in accordance with the hacker ethic, and able to distribute them over the Internet.Eric S. Raymond
You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever.This approach has never let me down.Steve Jobs
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.Joseph Prince
Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.Marilyn Monroe
Success is not assured, but America is resolute: this is the best chance for peace we are likely to see for some years to come - and we are acting to help Israelis and Palestinians seize this chance.Condoleezza Rice
The key to accepting responsibility for your life is to accept the fact that your choices, every one of them, are leading you inexorably to either success or failure, however you define those terms.Neal Boortz
You are the creator of your own destiny.Swami Vivekananda
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.Napoleon Hill
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.C. S. Lewis
We help people to begin truly healthful diets, and it is absolutely wonderful to see, not only their success, but also their delight at their ability to break old habits and feel really healthy for a change.Neal Barnard
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil.Plato
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.Malcolm X
One man cannot practice many arts with success.Plato
Everything you can imagine is real.Pablo Picasso
My initial goal for the 1984 opening ceremonies was a show that would be majestic, inspirational, and emotional - a 20 goosebump experience.David L. Wolper
There is a miracle in your mess, don't let the mess make you miss the miracle.Patience Johnson
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.Robert Frost
I think that's a great opportunity, to pick a script where you can build up a good skill. I think the main thing I look for when I look at scripts is if it's inspirational. If it's something that teenagers can relate to. And is it something that the audience is going to get something out of. If not, then it's really not worth doing.Carly Schroeder
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.Unknown
Dumbledore says people find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than being right.” Hermione –The Half-Blood Prince
It really is an honor if I can be inspirational to a younger singer or person. It means I've done my job.Aretha Franklin
Average performers stop when they feel fear. Iconic producers accelerate once they get frightened.Robin Sharma
A will finds a way.Orison Swett Marden
A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.Billie Jean King
Art is the desire of a man to express himself, to record the reactions of his personality to the world he lives in.Amy Lowell
You can do anything, but not everything.Unknown
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered you will never grow.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it.Washington Irving
You can’t build a reputation on what you are going to do.Henry Ford
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.Tony Robbins
You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.Arnold Schwarzenegger
There are a lot of things that go into creating success. I don't like to do just the things I like to do. I like to do things that cause the company to succeed. I don't spend a lot of time doing my favorite activities.Michael Dell
The secret of success is sincerity.Jean Giraudoux
I think you can have 10,000 explanations for failure, but no good explanation for success.Paulo Coelho
If we wait until we’re ready, we’ll be waiting for the rest of our lives.Lemony Snicket
Waste no more time arguing about what a good person should be. Be one.Marcus Aurelius
Success makes men rigid and they tend to exalt stability over all the other virtues; tired of the effort of willing they become fanatics about conservatism.Walter Lippmann
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.Unknown
Give light and people will find the way.Ella Baker
Success in almost any field depends more on energy and drive than it does on intelligence. This explains why we have so many stupid leaders.Sloan Wilson
A minute's success pays the failure of years.Robert Browning
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.Wayne Gretzky
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve!Andrew Carnegie
Those who have achieved all their aims probably set them too low.Herbert Von Karajan
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.  Joel Osteen
What we’ve gone through in the last several years has caused some people to question ’Can we trust Microsoft?’Steve Ballmer
People are the key to success or extraordinary success.Azim Premji
So many of our dreams at first seem impossible. Then they seem improbable. And then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable.Nelson Mandela
The only failure is not trying.Robin Sharma
In our darkest moments, when life flashes before us, we find something; Something that keeps us going. Something that pushes us.Lara Croft
Setting goals is the first step into turning the invisible into the visible.Tony Robbins
Everything is political. I will never be a politician or even think political. Me just deal with life and nature. That is the greatest thing to me.Bob Marley
If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough.Oprah Winfrey
Every success in limiting armaments is a sign that the will to achieve mutual understanding exists, and every such success thus supports the fight for international law and order.Ludwig Quidde
Good planning is important. I've also regarded a sense of humor as one of the most important things on a big expedition. When you're in a difficult or dangerous situation, or when you're depressed about the chances of success, someone who can make you laugh eases the tension.Edmund Hillary
I'm very fond of the British cinema. I'm a big fan of Martin Campbell and Daniel Craig. I actually find Daniel very inspirational, especially on the physical side of things. He really inspired me to get back into shape when I started to add on a few pounds. I think he's a great role model.Steven Bauer
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.Jim Rohn
Our success in Singapore was a Herculean effort by the whole team. Now I am determined to deliver on all we promised. I will be watching like a hawk.Sebastian Coe
Give out what you most want to come back.Robin Sharma
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!Audrey Hepburn
Nothing in life is to be feared; it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more so that we may fear less.Marie Curie
The best teachers are those who show you where to look, but don't tell you what to see.Alexandra K. Trenfor
Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light.Dylan Thomas
Taxation is the price we pay for failing to build a civilized society. The higher the tax level, the greater the failure. A centrally planned totalitarian state represents a complete defeat for the civilized world, while a totally voluntary society represents its ultimate success.Mark Skousen
The path from dreams to success does exist. May you have the vision to find it, the courage to get on to it, and the perseverance to follow it.Kalpana Chawla
Success is all about persistence and doing the right thing for the long term.Bruce Rauner
Believe you can and you're half way there.Theodore Roosevelt
You just hope that you will get the opportunity to do what you love and pay your bills, and that is being a success as an actor.Debra Messing
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.Democritus
Every dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.Unknown
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.George Bernard Shaw
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best.Napoleon Hill
Success is the sum of small efforts - repeated day in and day out.Robert Collier
It is good to dream big but your dreams will never see the light of day if you sleep big too. Anonymous
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible, and suddenly you're doing the impossible.Francis of Assisi
What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.Theodore Roethke
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.Walter Scott
To these ideals which were instilled in me when I was a youth, I attribute in a large degree the success that was mine on the bicycle tracks of the world.Major Taylor
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.Sun Tzu
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.Mark Twain
Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure.Aisha Tyler
Please, no matter how we advance technologically, please don't abandon the book. There is nothing in our material world more beautiful than the book.Patti Smith
Fear the FearPulkit Goel
I do love to eavesdrop. It's inspirational, not only for subject matter but for actual dialogue, the way people talk.Lynda Barry
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.Og Mandino
If you create incredible value and information for others that can change their lives - and you always stay focused on that service - the financial success will follow.Brendon Burchard
To begin, begin.William Wordsworth
Fortune always favors the brave, and never helps a man who does not help himself.P.T. Barnum
Eighty percent of success is showing up.Woody Allen
Every day the bucket a-go a well, one day the bottom a-go drop out.Bob Marley
I've been blessed to be somebody that's been climbing that success mountain top for years of hard work, you know, but now it's all connecting. And now, the whole world is watching, you know what I'm saying, and it feels good 'cause it's good energy. This is all positive vibes, and good vibes and good energy, so it feels incredible.DJ Khaled
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading; but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.Pablo Neruda
If you look at a building by Mies van der Rohe, it might look very simple, but up close, the sheer quality of construction, materials and thought are inspirational.David Chipperfield
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.Epictetus
I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.Zig Ziglar
Success is nothing if you don't have the right people to share it with; you're just gonna end up lonely.Selena Gomez
Fear comes in two packages fear of failure, and sometimes, fear of success.Tom Kite
Nothing succeeds like success. Get a little success, and then just get a little more.Maya Angelou
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.John D. Rockefeller
Reading was very important to me as a kid. It was very inspirational to me. I went to a school where that wasn't encouraged so much, but my parents encouraged that, and it has made me part of who I am.Sasha Grey
All my music is inspirational. You just gotta listen to the words and get what you can get out of it.Young Jeezy
The success of any stand-up act comes out of life experience.Howie Mandel
Fun opens the doors to creativity, which then leads to inspiration, which then births passion, which all together equals both happiness and success!Rachele Brooke Smith
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdomTerry Pratchett
Give light and people will find the way.Ella Baker
Everyone matters. Even your enemy.Anonymous
In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.Dwight D. Eisenhower
Success is full of promise till one gets it, and then it seems like a nest from which the bird has flown.Henry Ward Beecher
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.Eleanor Roosevelt
Most of us can, ad we choose, make of the world either a palace or a prison.John Lubbock
Being happy is of the utmost importance. Success in anything is through happiness.Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
You'd be suprised what people you trust would do when someone puts them in a position where they think they don't have a choice.Harvey Specter
To resist the frigidity of old age one must combine the body, the mind and the heart - and to keep them in parallel vigor one must exercise, study and love.Karl von Bonstetten
It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy we face the storm and defy it.Amelia Barr
The person interested in success has to learn to view failure as a healthy, inevitable part of the process of getting to the top.Joyce Brothers
Your heaviest artillery will be your will to live. Keep that big gun going.Norman Cousins
Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed.Bob Riley
I've a great family, two children to take care of. Then, of course, I do commentary for TV. I do speak about various women's issues around the world - like LGBT, motivational speeches. I have a lot on my plate right now. But eventually, yes, I would like to pass on the knowledge and something that I would like to do.Martina Navratilova
Everyday may not be good but there is something good in everyday.Anonymous
